Tim Sackton: I'd
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: we began
Tim Sackton: on Vendor Charter.
Tim Sackton: The hot afternoon sun of the Pre monsoon summer beats down.
Tim Sackton: As you sail.
Tim Sackton: What are you doing, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: This web. Cm. AI is dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: amazing. Okay.
Tim Sackton: The sun beats down.
Tim Sackton: this high up the winds keep you cool, but the endless expanse of sand and rock below
Tim Sackton: slowly in the heat
Tim Sackton: we'll switch to other phones.
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: So as we begin.
Tim Sackton: it's been about 15 min.
Tim Sackton: maybe a little less, since
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: seekers
Tim Sackton: snow and ice.
Tim Sackton: The Mackram of Kenzo was teleported
Tim Sackton: to face the
Tim Sackton: pirate. Well, be some Rackham by the way side note. So technically, actually, teleport does not allow you to target
Tim Sackton: creatures that are not you. You have to go. I'm letting it fly in this case because the Sumrakum is kind of an object.
Tim Sackton: and you can teleport objects.
Tim Sackton: But don't abuse that.
Tim Sackton: Can't send people flying around all over the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, really and really quick, since I missed the last section. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pirate Wellbee is created by Fausto.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna no. I'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of.
Tim Sackton: Let me recap this. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: And stuff you learned.
Tim Sackton: Last last session was the
Tim Sackton: these doppelgangers of Apollo, and so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You recall now, as
Tim Sackton: you wait tensely for news from Kenzo the Kenzo clone
Tim Sackton: the information you've recently learned about Apollion's doppelgangers, the Clones of
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: and your party
Tim Sackton: that were apparently created by some twisted magic of a Polyon.
Tim Sackton: You had heard
Tim Sackton: news of them.
Tim Sackton: Quite some time ago, about 2 weeks ago.
Tim Sackton: when the
Tim Sackton: dealt with
Tim Sackton: Doppelganger and Mackenzo Doppelganger
Tim Sackton: attacked Chardon and opened a rift to pandemonium, using Fausta's pandemonium. Skull
Tim Sackton: but since then you've learned considerably more.
Tim Sackton: When you return to Vendorsarna from the
Tim Sackton: elemental plane of water, you learn from your crew
Tim Sackton: that a seeker Clone had attacked the skyship.
Tim Sackton: killing Yota and Igol.
Tim Sackton: who are resurrected by rizwin
Tim Sackton: before beating, defeated largely by faldric and the ice turrets.
Tim Sackton: You also learn from Sura that a
Tim Sackton: another clone of
Tim Sackton: well be
Tim Sackton: rampaging across the Nebo Sea as a pirate, killing indiscriminately.
Tim Sackton: and a clone of rizwind
Tim Sackton: you learned from the dwarves of Darren. Toader
Tim Sackton: was a was a had come
Tim Sackton: into Tharntoder, the main dwarven city, apparently recruiting dwarves for some mission to the depths
Tim Sackton: which you
Tim Sackton: inferred was a suicide mission.
Tim Sackton: and the common thread between all of these that you dealt with, I think, piece together from
Tim Sackton: talking to the
Tim Sackton: Yota and Igol after they were resurrected, and from watching the dust of seekers. Doppelganger
Tim Sackton: in the mirror
Tim Sackton: was that the souls of the people killed by the doppelgangers are transported somehow to the magical box that hold the polyam in his tomb.
Tim Sackton: and as they struggle for freedom they chip away at the bonds that hold it in place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn!
Tim Sackton: So each time a doppelganger kills
Tim Sackton: the bonds.
Tim Sackton: holding a poly in place, grow weaker and weaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we have to stop them.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Yes, I mean you don't know how many the the
Tim Sackton: it may be too late already, though I mean, you know you have some time from Kenza's dreams. You have about 2 weeks before a polyon is freed.
Tim Sackton: The souls don't all meet. Everybody who dies doesn't immediately leave the lock like if you recall
Tim Sackton: yota like stuck around for a while and didn't try and break free.
Tim Sackton: And so there's a
Tim Sackton: the number of souls that are probably trapped in the locks at the moment.
Tim Sackton: you also learned that the doppelgangers seem to have some kind of item reward that keeps them from dying, and safely returns them to a polyon.
Tim Sackton: because when you scribe on
Tim Sackton: the Darwinth
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Clones, you saw them pacing the docks at what you
Tim Sackton: presumed was the city of Drankor
Tim Sackton: style
Tim Sackton: in a brilliant
Tim Sackton: decision to
Tim Sackton: do 3 things at once.
Tim Sackton: Riswind teleported to deal with the riswind clone
Tim Sackton: with the dwarfs.
Tim Sackton: So rizin's gone. But Keith, just
Tim Sackton: sitting in for a few minutes,
Tim Sackton: And rather than split the party.
Tim Sackton: you created
Tim Sackton: an extra copy of the one of the party. Too bad you can't do more than one at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't we do one at a time? Because.
Mike Sackton: No, doesn't.
Tim Sackton: How they.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, so.
Tim Sackton: If you cast the spell again, any existing
Tim Sackton: copies disappear
Tim Sackton: right?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as we begin.
Tim Sackton: you've got maybe 50 h of travel to go to the place where Kenzo sensed the jade.
Tim Sackton: Rizwind is gone. Having teleported to join the dwarves of Thorntoder and help deal with the rizwind Doppelganger making trouble there.
Tim Sackton: and Darwind is
Tim Sackton: now taking out his
Tim Sackton: crying focus is
Tim Sackton: bowl and filling it with clear water and starting to cast the
Tim Sackton: scrying spell to make contact with the Kenzo cloud
Tim Sackton: to find out what happened in the battle.
Tim Sackton: Standing around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your bets.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, last chance for your bet. Standing around Vendrachana.
Tim Sackton: Froderick is flying now, and not having been
Tim Sackton: promoted to some long, meaningless title that I don't remember last session
Tim Sackton: by seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Assistant to the Regional Deputy Captain.
Tim Sackton: I've been
Tim Sackton: the rest of the crew
Tim Sackton: in various states of unease and nervousness.
Tim Sackton: The 2
Tim Sackton: Igol, the Orc and Yota, the Denocai, who you found among the
Tim Sackton: Vargaldi, the people of the North.
Tim Sackton: You're looking pale and resting underneath the shade of the tree.
Tim Sackton: after being returned from the dead by Rizwind
Tim Sackton: Agnera, the Alf
Tim Sackton: staying near the 2 of them
Tim Sackton: tending the tree and bringing water.
Tim Sackton: almost pacing with nervous energy, wearing his new helm of telepathy that you gifted him
Tim Sackton: waiting, curious, looking over at, dealt with every now and then trying to see what might have happened.
Tim Sackton: Katherine, I think, went with Rizwin
Tim Sackton: and the halflings. Milo, Thistlefoot, Tilly Breinhardt and their crew
Tim Sackton: currently feeling a bit cooped up in this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: non, shep
Tim Sackton: with little or nothing for them to do, but
Tim Sackton: curious watching over the sides and marking the land as it passes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bet on pirate will be.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they definitely bet on
Tim Sackton: Milo, Milo.
Tim Sackton: Most of the crew bets on Pirate Wellbe.
Tim Sackton: Milo bets on pirate lobby, I think Tilly bets on
Tim Sackton: Clone Kenzel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they making their bets on who they actually think, or just like? Cause? You know, we all know who it actually is gonna win. So.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, we can find out. Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: See, you can see that Websim added a database.
Eric Rosenbaum: so you should be able to see the rounding tally of bits
Eric Rosenbaum: as present. I enter them.
Tim Sackton: Amazing
Tim Sackton: the the crew is, is getting into it a little bit, as seeker collects everybody's bats and is
Tim Sackton: problems.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a large bet. Cong.
Tim Sackton: That is up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Confidence.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is very confident.
Tim Sackton: Baxter vets on pirate lobby.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: do you all want to describe your characters
Tim Sackton: as
Tim Sackton: Darwind finishes the spell.
Tim Sackton: I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bye, Kate
Mike Sackton: Well, Dulliff is standing.
Mike Sackton: casting the spell, which takes 10 min like muttering and sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying it's only been 15 min since the teleport.
Mike Sackton: So I wanted to give help.
Mike Sackton: Penzo, some time to get situated and visible
Mike Sackton: right? Right? And then, so yeah, it's probably been. It's probably been about
Mike Sackton: probably about 15 or 20 min. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you would have had a Pre. Pre agreed upon time for right.
Mike Sackton: Dropping the invisible.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker is in kind of an unusual state. Normally he's his
Eric Rosenbaum: elaborately braided beard is like perfectly groomed and oiled and
Eric Rosenbaum: beaded, and everything, but
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a
Eric Rosenbaum: popping out all over the place and looking a little afraid because he's
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's got circles under his eyes because he was
Eric Rosenbaum: up all night overnight, doing the simulacrum spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so he's looking a little bit harried
Eric Rosenbaum: and wide-eyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's also
Eric Rosenbaum: rolling the dice as he
Eric Rosenbaum: thinks, through the branching possibilities of what may occur.
Eric Rosenbaum: what may be occurring right now that we don't even know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have we been back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from the jade forest.
Tim Sackton: It's now about 2 days since you returned. So you got back may 12th
Tim Sackton: and then it's been 2 days since then that you've been traveling across the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo, since he's been back, has been spending a lot of time training Amel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and continues to do that. This telepathy helmet. Where did that come from? Again?
Mike Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: But really.
Mike Sackton: Beruli had it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and what does it do again.
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: so it lets you
Tim Sackton: cast detect thoughts.
Tim Sackton: and you can send telepathic messages.
Tim Sackton: while you're using detect thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenzo continues training Amel. He's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he wants to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: improve his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His ability to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fight with that weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: glances confidently at Weldy. Like every
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gives him the luck.
UU Church of Boulder: I think Welby's in the training hall, too.
UU Church of Boulder: I think. Going through all of the
UU Church of Boulder: arrows like checking the Fletching he's in.
UU Church of Boulder: Prepare for what's ahead. Mode, after getting a very good night's sleep last night.
UU Church of Boulder: and every so often he'll look up
UU Church of Boulder: and see the 2 of them like dancing around
UU Church of Boulder: hitting each other, and just sort of shake his head and
UU Church of Boulder: go back to the arrows again.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton: at this moment
Tim Sackton: the scri finishes
Tim Sackton: targeting
Tim Sackton: Mackenzo clone.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: scry
Tim Sackton: scrying eye appears.
Tim Sackton: and you see
Tim Sackton: below you
Tim Sackton: a scene of
Tim Sackton: the Kenzo clone.
Tim Sackton: standing on the
Tim Sackton: bow
Tim Sackton: of the like 4 deck
Tim Sackton: of a pirate ship.
Tim Sackton: There are 6 pirate, 6 like
Tim Sackton: human pirate surrounding
Tim Sackton: Mackenzo clone.
Tim Sackton: swinging at him with scimitars.
Tim Sackton: and while I'll be standing about 20 feet away
Tim Sackton: with his
Tim Sackton: bow knocked
Tim Sackton: just about to loose an arrow
Tim Sackton: which flies
Tim Sackton: again striking Kenzo. But at the last minute Kenzo
Tim Sackton: arm flies up and he bats the arrow away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: But as he does, the
Tim Sackton: 6 pirates surrounding him
Tim Sackton: swarm him, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No despite.
Tim Sackton: Trying to dodge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Tim Sackton: Blows land.
Tim Sackton: The Kenzo clone looks
Tim Sackton: is limping a little bit at this point, and begins to just
Tim Sackton: takes a breath, and like seems to draw energy
Tim Sackton: into him, and just starts
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: dancing around the pirates, just trying to dodge and weave through them as best as he can.
Tim Sackton: rushing towards Wellbee.
Tim Sackton: 1st blow goes wide as well be ducks. Second, punch
Tim Sackton: hits them, and while we
Tim Sackton: staggers back, but
Tim Sackton: As Kenzone.
Tim Sackton: dodging and weaving
Tim Sackton: plants. The second punch. Welby retreats into the crowd of pirates.
Tim Sackton: pulls back, holding on
Tim Sackton: and yells holding his arrow, knocked, and yells for the pirates to charge.
Tim Sackton: They rush forward, trying to land blows on the dodging Kenzo, but with him the Kenzo clone, ducking and weaving. Nobody can manage to get a
Tim Sackton: a blow
Tim Sackton: except Welby.
Tim Sackton: managed to land a clean blow
Tim Sackton: again, Kenzo
Tim Sackton: knocking the arrow, not quite, just deflecting it enough, so it just barely scrapes past him.
Tim Sackton: and then Kenzal looks around, and he
Tim Sackton: no seems to notice that Welby has retreated
Tim Sackton: to within about 10 feet of the edge of the
Tim Sackton: Dac.
Tim Sackton: and suddenly you see this glowing
Tim Sackton: blue fist of planner power slam into Welby.
Tim Sackton: who is terrible at strength saving, throws and goes flying
Tim Sackton: over the edge of the bow
Tim Sackton: into the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Annie.
Tim Sackton: And then Kenza leaps
Tim Sackton: and lands softly
Tim Sackton: on the ocean
Tim Sackton: and runs after welding
Tim Sackton: along the surface of the water, stopping momentarily to gulp the transformation potion that you sent him with.
Tim Sackton: and then dives under the surface.
Tim Sackton: grabbing
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the now drowning
Tim Sackton: well be clone.
Tim Sackton: and as he forces him down
Tim Sackton: the clone.
Tim Sackton: the Welby clone
Tim Sackton: choking, beginning to drown, aims a punch at him.
Tim Sackton: hitting him again, and then it'll
Tim Sackton: flash. The wealthy clone vanishes.
Mike Sackton: Nice.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, this confirms
UU Church of Boulder: that I could definitely beat Kenzo if I also had, like 10 other guys helping me.
UU Church of Boulder: we weren't on a boat. We were in a controlled area of my choosing.
Mike Sackton: You had your item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Minutes.
Mike Sackton: And could fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, to to be fair. If you could have escape if you could escape because real shit, you gotta be able to escape. If you had a place to escape to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know much more fair, but I.
Tim Sackton: You had your armor
Tim Sackton: times I wouldn't
Tim Sackton: been totally dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: There, there's that song. I wish I was a little bit taller. I wish I was a ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. I didn't realize this is gonna be a 10 on one situation. But okay, that was cool, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a good, it was a good fight. I was great.
Tim Sackton: The Kenza clone is, is sort of breathing heavily, and swips into the water, and realizing that now that the battle is over, that the
Tim Sackton: the scribe must be active.
Tim Sackton: You hear him begin speaking to himself.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: That was rough!
Tim Sackton: There
Tim Sackton: they snuck into place past the sailors.
Tim Sackton: I thought I was
Tim Sackton: perfectly hidden, ready to charge it. Well be!
Tim Sackton: I thought
Tim Sackton: I could get a drop on him, but
Tim Sackton: even before the invisibility dropped I heard him yell, stop, invisible attacker, and point at me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder how?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: 28, passive perception.
Tim Sackton: Nothing gets past Welby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, he didn't.
Tim Sackton: nobody could see me.
Tim Sackton: so I ran it well, being
Tim Sackton: but those pirates surrounded me.
Tim Sackton: I had to just keep dodging
Tim Sackton: if he had
Tim Sackton: had. If he had not stepped so close to the edge, I'm not sure I would have succeeded.
Tim Sackton: I have to say there's something weird about him.
Tim Sackton: I should have been able to see him in my soul site. When I looked it was just a void, not
Tim Sackton: a darkness, but some
Tim Sackton: strange emptiness that seemed to pull on the souls of everybody around him, trying to grasp and consume them.
Tim Sackton: Drag them somewhere.
Tim Sackton: But it didn't seem to be coming precisely from
Tim Sackton: him. It was
Tim Sackton: was wearing something around his neck on a chain that
Tim Sackton: I cannot
Tim Sackton: easily look at with my soul sight. But I could tell. It was there that seemed to be my the source, but with my regular eyes there was nothing there.
Tim Sackton: He was also.
Tim Sackton: as I
Tim Sackton: hit him.
Tim Sackton: do not feel like punching a flash.
Tim Sackton: It was something
Tim Sackton: more substantial about him than
Tim Sackton: a normal creature
Tim Sackton: like there was stone
Tim Sackton: woven into his body
Tim Sackton: made him sturdier than I expected.
Tim Sackton: Still.
Tim Sackton: thanks for that potion.
Tim Sackton: The Kenzal clone then.
Tim Sackton: you know, takes a few more gulps of water swimming down deep below the ship.
Tim Sackton: I don't have much fighting me left one good solid blow, and I'll probably collapse back into snow, and nothing but
Tim Sackton: the moment I'm headed beneath the waves, and Welby is gone. So
Tim Sackton: what's next? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we talk back to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we were scrying.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we have no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We use the helmet of telepathy.
UU Church of Boulder: Sending.
Tim Sackton: On!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That's right. You can't probably talk to me
Tim Sackton: right.
UU Church of Boulder: Surely we gave instructions for this contingency, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we must have after.
Tim Sackton: So what are your instructions that you gave me before I left, for after I beat Welby.
Mike Sackton: Destroy the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, he's useful.
UU Church of Boulder: Become pirate Kenzo, take control of the ship and attack
UU Church of Boulder: the Chardonian navy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Hold on it.
Mike Sackton: No, the Charter Navy is the good. They're they're the Charteronian Navy, we think, has a is the non Fausto power base. We don't want to weaken the Charteronian Navy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sail due west as far as you can, and see what you can discover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait, hold on! But what's what's the deal with the like? Can you make another one now that, or is it like a concentration thing. You can only have one at a time, or what.
Tim Sackton: They have one, it's not concentration, but if you make another one.
Tim Sackton: the existing one disintegrates back into snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how hard is it to make another one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: security.
Tim Sackton: 100 gp. Worth of rubies and.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12, or.
Tim Sackton: 12 h. Yeah. Casting a 7th level spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's.
Tim Sackton: So not impossible, but not straight. Super straight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we're gonna use this tool again for sure. But
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cause I'm like, do we want him to come, join us, or find us again? Or do we want to just keep sending him on remote missions?
Eric Rosenbaum: What if he.
Tim Sackton: Well, he can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything he could, anything he could say to.
Tim Sackton: You have no idea where he is, because you used
Tim Sackton: magic chance weaver dice to place them in the correct location. He's in the Neva Sea somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll see what's that like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Was he one of the Chardon.
UU Church of Boulder: Who the attack in Chardon itself was pinned on.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
UU Church of Boulder: Cause like could.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there some fuckery we could get up to there and
UU Church of Boulder: have him disavow it, or like, have him go to chart and tell the story of how he was wrongly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Consider.
UU Church of Boulder: And tortured, or I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm the real Kenzo. I didn't do the attack. It's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no! But but sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other one was a similar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need. We need to do the version of like him doing like an Instagram live being like it's me like I wasn't. You know what I mean, like, like we need to get him to like a town where he can like talk to people and be like, Hey, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we should have him sail to chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to start discrediting, or like Charteronian territory. So that people start, you know, like like being confused, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's we need a way to communicate with him, though he needs a way to report back somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does is that a thing? How would we do that?
Mike Sackton: You can. I can scrybe him at a certain time every day.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah, but we cannot send anything to him.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I could dream I could cast dream? Does he sleep.
Tim Sackton: Some rackams do not sleep, they cannot benefit from any rest or.
Mike Sackton: So I can't cast stream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good sailors. Then, if they don't sleep well.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jeez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no way for him to signal us for him to give us any kind of signal.
Eric Rosenbaum: He could find
Eric Rosenbaum: the other sending stone which we put, which is in the hands of the child.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chin.
Mike Sackton: Steal the Standing stone from the Kid.
Mike Sackton: We're sure. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's the kid again.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere in north of Chardon.
UU Church of Boulder: That's a that's like a week's long. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just.
Tim Sackton: That would be a long journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's not horrible, because if he gets it he's north of Chardon, and then we've got a way to communicate with them, and then he can like, do shit for us remotely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, that's your job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else? What else?
UU Church of Boulder: Was there something? Was there something in Eloria we were looking for or wanted?
UU Church of Boulder: Island of the Nova Sea?
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't we think the cloak was there?
Mike Sackton: Got at 1 point.
Tim Sackton: Close there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's it's not.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other reason I I don't mind this. Send him back to Northern Chardon is because, you know, on the way he can make himself known that. Hey? It's it's me like I'm I'm I wasn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because the the.
Tim Sackton: He's a wanted
Tim Sackton: criminal. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but I thought that I thought the original Kenzo was was killed or hung, or something.
Mike Sackton: Possibly it's.
Tim Sackton: It's a little bit unclear. The original, supposedly the original Kenzo and deal with Clones were killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: So. So we want our clone Kenzo to claim he's the real Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
UU Church of Boulder: But like one I mean one bad trip. And this Kenzo is gonna like
UU Church of Boulder: like, if he falls off a horse he's gonna turn into snow again. What what if we send him to Darba
UU Church of Boulder: to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arba.
UU Church of Boulder: Demonstrate
UU Church of Boulder: that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably is probably close to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: Right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, he could claim to be the bad one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, just to show that there are phones that they exist exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. I.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know if we can ask him to invite his own death, but, like.
UU Church of Boulder: have someone put a spear through him in Darby? He'll collapse in a snow. Maybe that's proof
UU Church of Boulder: to what's his face that
UU Church of Boulder: that the reports of us being
UU Church of Boulder: bad or not true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's a great.
UU Church of Boulder: For us.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's great. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll see that.
Tim Sackton: Basically send them to Darba to convince Carnos that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are clones.
Tim Sackton: Are clones of you running around doing bad things.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go. I think that actually makes a little bit of sense.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that that can happen pretty quickly, because he's close to Darba.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, he's probably within.
Tim Sackton: you know, a
Tim Sackton: you 100, a hundred ish miles of Darba.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does he know how to sail a ship.
Tim Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you can run on water.
Tim Sackton: He can run on water, and he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's going to run a potion.
Tim Sackton: He has gills for as long as.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's.
UU Church of Boulder: He's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Swim. Oh, my God! They can swim there! That's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't have to rest either. Right? Does he have to rest.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't have track. He doesn't have to sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or you.
Tim Sackton: Runs along the bottom of the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I want to meet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Buy him a fake beer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally a simulated beer. I'm an ice cream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo wins big in the
Eric Rosenbaum: games on aboard the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait? Did anybody support me?
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret.
Tim Sackton: Did one of the happy.
Eric Rosenbaum: The same.
Tim Sackton: Seeker did.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if using the portion of water breathing counts as an exotic outcome or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, that's for a tie, basically, or like an unknown outcome.
Eric Rosenbaum: like they both disappear or something, or they
Eric Rosenbaum: form an alliance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great plan.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. Then, as the scry ends, reports back that
Tim Sackton: he's gonna head east
Tim Sackton: till he hit reaches shore.
Tim Sackton: then drink the antidote and get his lungs back and find Darba, and then go from there. He doesn't know how long it'll take, because he has no idea where he is, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry! And do we know anybody in Darba?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you were in Darba, I mean Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: You all passed through Darpa like about a year like 9 months ago. So you know, like, you know that halfling. There's like the Halfling Inn that you stayed at, or.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You know a few people you met in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, he should go directly to like the halfling in and like, Tell everybody there that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? I'm a clone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, Hey, it's me, Kenzo. I'm a clone. I want to talk to Carnass.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Ken Kenzo has. You would have enough connections to at least have a way to start given that you had cause. Clone Kenzo has all real Kenzos memories. So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. And then and then I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what was it? Yeah. And then like, so if if he somehow doesn't get to Carnos, or whatever, at least like word will have spread, and somebody that we know can like tell us what happened.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brilliant.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the sun sats on May 14, th
Tim Sackton: 45, or so hours of flying to go before you reach your destination.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: desert is lit up in the light of the sinking sun, the sunlight glinting on what looks like a
Tim Sackton: shimmering, shallow lake of some kind before, but
Tim Sackton: below you.
Tim Sackton: To all these eyes it seems, if perhaps there is a hint of movement like a
Tim Sackton: swarm of ants gathering around spilled sugar around the shores of this lake.
Tim Sackton: What it could be you cannot tell. From this height.
Tim Sackton: as you settle into your evening meal
Tim Sackton: and your rest.
Tim Sackton: I assume at this point you're basically just sticking on the course south. I have, like, you know, a few minutes of travel narration, feel free to
Tim Sackton: interrupt. If there's anything you want to
Tim Sackton: talk to if any of you wanted
Tim Sackton: won't play any scenes or do anything like that. But unless you jump in and say your character is doing something, I'm just gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can you say where we are on the map?
Tim Sackton: At this point you're kinda you're
Tim Sackton: you're like
Tim Sackton: year, Ish roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: And remind me we're heading.
Tim Sackton: You're heading to here, which is where.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm not in. Hold on! Hold on, roll 20. I I wasn't in role 20.
Mike Sackton: Now I am.
Mike Sackton: Where are we heading?
Tim Sackton: Heading to like here, which is where Kenzo sends the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coast, beyond drink or.
Tim Sackton: The coast last of drink or.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so like, we're
Mike Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: You're you're somewhere here now. You've got
Tim Sackton: 450 miles to go roughly.
Mike Sackton: But we don't really know anything about this jade.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Going there.
Tim Sackton: No, all you know is the vision that you saw of it.
Tim Sackton: apparently in a cave
Tim Sackton: in a cliff in the desert, in the jungle.
Tim Sackton: You have really no information other than Kenza has a very strong sense of directional compass.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: Exactly the direction to go to find.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you settle in for the night.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: evening.
Tim Sackton: in addition to the normal
Tim Sackton: dreams of Apolly, on, slowly breaking through from his prison.
Tim Sackton: Penzo, you have a dream of the jade
Tim Sackton: jade you're flying to is
Tim Sackton: cracking and bubbling.
Tim Sackton: turning into a mist that floats out of this red sandstone cave drifting above the jungle.
Tim Sackton: Everything's dark and still until a strong wind sweeps up and the jade mist
Tim Sackton: swirls and blows across the canopy.
Tim Sackton: You're swept with it, and you watch the canopy pass below you.
Tim Sackton: and you see the twinkling of the ocean waves crashing below you, despite the clear skies and seeming lack of winds
Tim Sackton: in the light of the waxing crescent moon. And then you're quickly blown offshore, swooping past
Tim Sackton: mangroves and over
Tim Sackton: the shoals.
Tim Sackton: your sense of time and distance distorted in the greenscape dreamscape until
Tim Sackton: you see it had a
Tim Sackton: wall of wind, a raging storm
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: crashing waves crashing into each other in the middle of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: clouds reaching up
Tim Sackton: into the sky, and then miles in both directions.
Tim Sackton: a maelstrom
Tim Sackton: that the jade cloud is swept into.
Tim Sackton: and then, as you jolt awake.
Tim Sackton: you no longer have any sense of where the jade is.
Tim Sackton: You still remember the location of the
Tim Sackton: jungle in the cliff where it
Tim Sackton: was.
Tim Sackton: but you can no longer sense it as you sit down.
Tim Sackton: Breakfast in the morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is my, does it feel like
Eric Rosenbaum: Scared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jade was moved, or does it feel like my ability to sense? It is gone? Can I sense it at all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anywhere.
Tim Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So do I have an intuition. Was it moved, or do I, or was it.
Tim Sackton: I mean the whole dream you had was about the jade moving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why can't I sense it at all anymore.
UU Church of Boulder: Another play, dude.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
Mike Sackton: Gonna say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could I? So I could. I couldn't sense the jade in the other plane right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could, you could. It was faint and not super directional, but you could sense it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: As you all set
Tim Sackton: puzzled
Tim Sackton: in the morning
Tim Sackton: wondering about this, you can see, as the sun rises off to the east, the land begins to
Tim Sackton: tumbled down in a series of broken rocky cliffs.
Tim Sackton: To the west continues the vast expanse of sand and emptiness.
Tim Sackton: broken incongruously by a pure white marble tower, standing alone in the desert, half buried in the sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go there! Go there! Go there!
Tim Sackton: You to fly south.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so we can look at it without flying down somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe. Well, we could send a bird down or something.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I can clairvoyance it.
Mike Sackton: But we're not particularly how close to Drinkwire, are we?
Mike Sackton: We're still hundreds of months.
Tim Sackton: We're still 300 miles away from drink or.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we're in a vast blank area of the map. Anything that we see is interesting.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean.
UU Church of Boulder: But this is not our destination. As cool as it is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there a nearby bird that I can just have a conversation with.
Tim Sackton: not just. You're up pretty high.
Tim Sackton: There's not a lot of life in this desert.
Tim Sackton: This is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hi desert.
Tim Sackton: Really dry.
Tim Sackton: like high altitude.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: No rain.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean we could. We could take a quick look, great.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have plenty of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we expect to be traveling for multiple more days right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 34 more hours.
UU Church of Boulder: We can always teleport back on and still have a nice long rest afterwards. Right.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna actually say we could all just drop down, and then you could teleport us back to Vindicarna.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if I what if I just cast clairvoyance first? st And we'll just see if there's anything inside the tower.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's a good plan.
UU Church of Boulder: You want to test it on our way down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it. When we're inside.
UU Church of Boulder: Just we can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ourselves.
UU Church of Boulder: We've never clairvoyanced ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Laker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Seeker casts, clairvoyance on the tower. Are there any visible windows in the tower.
Tim Sackton: Well, right now you're like
Tim Sackton: you're flying down closer.
Tim Sackton: What's the range of clairvoyance?
Mike Sackton: A mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1 1 mile. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you're you're easily within the range. Wh? Where are you aiming for the tower? It's you're like 5,000 feet or not 5,000 feet. You're probably
Tim Sackton: 3,000.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do that.
Tim Sackton: Tops 2,000 feet up, so you can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see.
Tim Sackton: Can't see details. It's too far away to tell if there's
Tim Sackton: windows or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Inside the tower, in the upper part of the tower.
Tim Sackton: That's what you want to look at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: So your clairvoyance sensor appears
Tim Sackton: in what looks like the
Tim Sackton: top room
Tim Sackton: of the tower.
Tim Sackton: Everything is made of is
Tim Sackton: made of this.
Tim Sackton: The interior, as well as the exterior, is made of this pure white marble.
Tim Sackton: You can see that there's there are
Tim Sackton: 6 windows set in in the
Tim Sackton: in the wall, but all of the glass, everything's been
Tim Sackton: shattered and blown out. And actually, now that you're clairvoyant, and you can see that the
Tim Sackton: the roof of the tower itself is like
Tim Sackton: cracked and slightly offset, so there's a gap through the roof, and sun is beating down, and there's a pile of sand on the floor that's accumulated from
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: blowing sand and sand, blowing in
Tim Sackton: 3 at the top.
Tim Sackton: As you watch like, you can see that
Tim Sackton: the sand is like
Tim Sackton: jumping
Tim Sackton: slightly like every now and then. There's like
Tim Sackton: like the sand is sort of almost dancing a little bit on the ground.
Tim Sackton: but nothing seems to be moving.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: what looks like
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: wooden desk
Tim Sackton: that has been smashed and is completely dried out.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: at 1 point this might. There's a shelf that might have held books
Tim Sackton: next to the desk, but there's
Tim Sackton: looks like like anything like leather. Anything like that's been scavenged, and and there's like little just
Tim Sackton: I don't know what a what a like parchment book would look like if it had been eaten like completely.
Tim Sackton: almost completely eaten by
Tim Sackton: bugs or beetles, or something like that. But that's kind of the vibe right? It's like
Tim Sackton: decayed things. Have, you know, dried out and then chewed on.
Tim Sackton: There is a circular stairway going down
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: scattered across the
Tim Sackton: the one thing that does seem to be intact, are a series of crystal lenses of different sizes.
Mike Sackton: Like when's is like
Mike Sackton: glad like, what do you mean by.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I could
Eric Rosenbaum: things that I could mount onto. My God, my existing magic goggles.
Mike Sackton: Pieces of like. How big are we talking about like.
Tim Sackton: Like variety of sizes, like from an inch to 5 or 6 inches in diameter.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do any.
Tim Sackton: This little occasional jumping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what's the jumping
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't look like wind.
Mike Sackton: You said the sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would cause that jumping.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm I missed the
Mike Sackton: the sand is, are we seeing all the way down to the bottom of the tower?
Tim Sackton: No, no, this is in the top floor. There's a crack in the roof, sands piled up okay.
Tim Sackton: and and every now and then the the sand will kind of go.
Tim Sackton: The top layer of the sand is kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it look like something invisible is disturbing it from above, or like something underneath. It is inside buried, looking.
Tim Sackton: Make an investigation, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an 18.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: it's not. It does not look like it's something
Tim Sackton: like flicking it from the top. It's
Tim Sackton: it's like moving up.
Tim Sackton: but it's hard to say more than that
Tim Sackton: something could be pounding it from below like.
Mike Sackton: And the floor is completely and.
Tim Sackton: Shaking the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: Floor is intact.
Mike Sackton: And it's made of what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Below.
Mike Sackton: What's the floor made of.
Tim Sackton: Stoned
Tim Sackton: white marble, like every.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, switch switch to audio.
Tim Sackton: There's like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can get in there
Eric Rosenbaum: now. There's a.
Tim Sackton: Loud, thumping noise every time my sand jumps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it? Super regular, like clockwork? Regular.
Tim Sackton: No, it'll be like 3 thumbs, and then nothing happens for
Tim Sackton: 30 seconds, and then there's 2 thumbs. So then there's a regular series of 4 every 3 seconds, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a creature.
Tim Sackton: Pattern.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a creature trapped under there, and we haven't. We have an empty. We surely have space in our menagerie for tactical. We have to.
Mike Sackton: Voice in troll.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm saying.
Mike Sackton: Don't we still have a Wyvern in there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have not deployed the Wyvern yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need more cruishers in there. We need to put a dragon in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man what would be trapped in a tower in the desert.
UU Church of Boulder: I think, whatever it is, we have an ethical obligation to free it
UU Church of Boulder: like this poor creature is imprisoned in in a desert tower, possibly for thousands of years, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're like in the middle of nowhere, right.
Mike Sackton: So so free it to imprison it again in our prison, though right.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know. Maybe it's friendly.
UU Church of Boulder: Why do we always assume that these are enemies?
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it just needs a job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's free it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I feel like it's another another uncanny member of our crew.
Mike Sackton: We can't
Mike Sackton: use the Rainbow Bridge right.
Tim Sackton: You cannot use the Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: So if we
Mike Sackton: fly down here. Oh, no! But as long as Seeker doesn't use his 7th level spell
Mike Sackton: we can teleport back to Ventusharnab.
Mike Sackton: We want.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does the probability table look like for that? That should be an easy one.
Tim Sackton: That should be pretty easy, because it's although there's a little like
Tim Sackton: Yes, Vinder Sharna is a is a very familiar location.
Tim Sackton: The only slight quirk is because it's moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: There might be.
Tim Sackton: Some potential complications.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about the associated object thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could bring a vendor service down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Yeah. And then that locks it in.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how do we get down? We just.
Mike Sackton: Why, who'd? Who can't? Really?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Who who can't? I mean?
Mike Sackton: You can't seeker, can't fly right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. I don't have any built-in flying.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: everybody else
Mike Sackton: I can, I mean I'll just cast fly right like there's no reason not to just cast fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll
Eric Rosenbaum: bring.
Mike Sackton: I can talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll drink.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bring. Bring Feldrick on deck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ask him to just
Eric Rosenbaum: hold position.
Mike Sackton: No keep going.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna
Tim Sackton: right, are you gonna do?
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: I think he keeps going, and we just teleport back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair, fair.
UU Church of Boulder: Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Caldric just keep flying.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it might be worth dipping down a little bit lower, so that we are a little quote like he may as well
Mike Sackton: bring us within a thousand feet, so that when we jump off we have less to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and then just take it back up to cruising altitude and continue.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you do not hear from us in
Eric Rosenbaum: 8 h you might want to circle back, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, approach the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: but that's not likely to occur.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I would love.
Mike Sackton: Say 8 h, give it longer, because if we had to rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12
Eric Rosenbaum: 6 times.
Mike Sackton: Say, what time of day is it right now?
Mike Sackton: Morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which does.
Tim Sackton: In the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time are we gonna waste on this
Eric Rosenbaum: side, quest that Tim dropped in there?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we.
Mike Sackton: Can safely
Mike Sackton: assume that he.
Mike Sackton: I think he should keep going
Mike Sackton: until
Mike Sackton: next morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And come back
Mike Sackton: tomorrow morning. We're not on the ship, or he hasn't heard from us.
Mike Sackton: Then come back.
Mike Sackton: recover our bones, and then we as far away from a polyon as he can.
Tim Sackton: kind of nods.
Tim Sackton: I I guess, if necessary, I'll run to rizwin.
Mike Sackton: Probably smart.
Mike Sackton: But maybe try and go to another plane, too.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Come back for us first.st Come back for us first.st
Mike Sackton: But if we're all dead, I suggest running to another plane because this one's not gonna be so good.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I'll do what I can.
Mike Sackton: Go find Seeker's seeker's brother in the plain of fire.
Tim Sackton: I don't
Tim Sackton: think I could do that.
Mike Sackton: Reason I'll help you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Added to Brisbane's list.
Tim Sackton: Rest of it will just resurrect you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's really competent, just always gets things done for us.
Mike Sackton: So we're jumping off the thing and flying.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you
Tim Sackton: quadric drops you low enough so that it's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, of
Tim Sackton: 5 min flight to the top of the tower.
Mike Sackton: I'm tempted to just fall for a while and then cast fly like when we're you know.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's fair enough, too.
Tim Sackton: dog
Tim Sackton: the tower.
Tim Sackton: So as you fly down to the tower.
Tim Sackton: let's get some.
Mike Sackton: Oh, then we've long rested.
Tim Sackton: You lost.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You just long. You just finished a long list.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh! But I should know Jeff.
Mike Sackton: You should knock off your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clairvoyance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the buttoned up. Now come on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have real trouble with D and D beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do do
Eric Rosenbaum: what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, come on.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: you fly down and you approach the tower.
Tim Sackton: You can see from here that probably the bottom 2 thirds of the tower is buried in sand.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the tower probably at once, was.
Tim Sackton: you know, 80 feet tall, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: but only the top.
Tim Sackton: maybe 30 feet or so now are exposed. The rest has been
Tim Sackton: just as the sand has
Tim Sackton: washed across it has been
Tim Sackton: buried. It is hot as you descend, like nothing is moving in the desert, even in the early morning sun. You see no animals anywhere.
Tim Sackton: Nothing grows here. There's no water. Ignore these clouds in the zoom background. There are no clouds.
Tim Sackton: Everything is just baked.
Tim Sackton: And as you
Tim Sackton: come closer you can see the
Tim Sackton: So the top floor of the tower that you were looking at before. You can see these these windows.
Tim Sackton: There are no windows anywhere below the top floor.
Tim Sackton: There might be some buried in the sand. We can't see them.
Mike Sackton: I think we go in through the windows on the top floor right.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Was there a desk or something in there? I forget what.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, anywhere we can stand that isn't standing on the ground. Is the idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Tim Sackton: Try standing on the desk, although.
Mike Sackton: Collapse. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I only watched.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a couple.
Mike Sackton: Per minute. We don't have an infinite period of. I'm also gonna use my
Mike Sackton: blessing of perception to be able to see invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So you approach, yeah, flying
Tim Sackton: through into the window. So you can now see basically what you saw when
Tim Sackton: seekers clairvoy is clearly and the the thumping is
Tim Sackton: persistent and obvious here.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't. Now that you're here, you can see it doesn't actually seem to be
Tim Sackton: knocking from the bottom of the floor. It actually seems to be slightly shaking the walls themselves.
Tim Sackton: Oh, excellent!
Mike Sackton: Something big.
Tim Sackton: The whole.
Mike Sackton: Wall.
Tim Sackton: The whole tower is sort of shaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like. Put my.
Tim Sackton: Oops!
Mike Sackton: Eric, for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: A year to the stone to see if I.
Tim Sackton: Put your ear to the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes!
Mike Sackton: Are we landing? Let's just let we're landing right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, alright. I'm gonna just I'm gonna I mean, seeker. You're welcome to try your
Mike Sackton: clever brain powered ways of figuring out what's beneath us. But I'm just going to walk through the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's good, too. Yeah, go for it.
Mike Sackton: I don't mean to cut you short. Circuit your your, your attempts, but
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna look through. What do we see?
Tim Sackton: So you look through the wall.
Tim Sackton: through the floor. You mean right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're looking down into
Tim Sackton: pitch darkness, although you have dark vision. So you can see the sort of in in dim light.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: there's 1. So the stairway goes down, and there's 1 floor below this that's just completely
Tim Sackton: cracked. The floor itself was destroyed.
Tim Sackton: something. It looks like it almost looks like like something large like fell through somehow, or maybe crashed up through the one floor below this and 2 floors below this. So down something like 40 feet.
Tim Sackton: And you're looking now at the floor that's like 60 feet, you know, 50, 60 feet below. So right at the edge of of what you can see with your dark vision. This must be beneath the sand. This is below where the sand is.
Tim Sackton: and there seems to be
Tim Sackton: something
Tim Sackton: like some.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say exactly what it is from this angle, and it seems to be partially
Tim Sackton: buried in rock and stone. But what you do see is there's like
Tim Sackton: a massive
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: stone
Tim Sackton: arm. It must be
Tim Sackton: 15 feet big, just the forearm and the fist.
Tim Sackton: It's just like
Tim Sackton: banging against the side of the tower.
Mike Sackton: And this is like down where the sand is basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: This is down like 2 floors, 2 cracked floors, and then the next floor below that. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Yep.
Mike Sackton: Sorry if we were standing on the sand outside the tower we would be relatively close to this giant arm.
Tim Sackton: No, it'd be below you.
Tim Sackton: This is below, so the sand comes up to like the top. 30 feet of the tower are exposed.
Tim Sackton: The tower itself must go much deeper. This is like
Tim Sackton: 15 feet below what is now ground level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim, is there a just, you know, senses consciousness? Do a little vibe check. What's the deal.
Tim Sackton: like with, with commune with nature, or with your like.
Tim Sackton: or a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or a, or a sense.
Tim Sackton: me just double check with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, if I wanted to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want a soul site. Do I need to like? See? Like? How much would I see to soul site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So normally you have to see. But I think if you spend the 4 key to do your
Tim Sackton: your aura perception, you can also sole sight, auras, that you can sense within that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall, I shall. I shall do that!
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: you reach down.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: like a sort of consciousness here.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: no.
Tim Sackton: this is some kind of construct
Tim Sackton: like it's magically animated, it has no
Tim Sackton: stole in any traditional sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm, hmm.
Tim Sackton: are you? If you're using your soul site for like your
Tim Sackton: yes,
Tim Sackton: it is.
Tim Sackton: Challenge 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is what 25.
Tim Sackton: Significantly stronger than any of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: It is batted intelligence and charisma
Tim Sackton: is good at strength and constitution.
Eric Rosenbaum: It has to be able to see to be trapped in the mirror right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to trap this thing in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's only its arm is out of the sand. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: The rest of his body seems to be buried under
Tim Sackton: rubble that's collapsed from the top. 2 floors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you say? Challenge? 25.
Tim Sackton: That's like a level. Basically, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, 25th level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's super strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, is.
UU Church of Boulder: Like stronger than the dragons. We killed strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 20.
Mike Sackton: 5 is like Shamu.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not quite.
Mike Sackton: Quite, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it trapped? Then.
UU Church of Boulder: Do you get align like alignment or intention on soul side? Is that a thing.
Tim Sackton: It has no thoughts.
Tim Sackton: It's just.
Tim Sackton: All that you all that you
Tim Sackton: sense in its mind, like you, get this sort of sense of its emotions, but it has no emotions.
Tim Sackton: It has no thoughts, it has no real
Tim Sackton: awareness that you can tell.
UU Church of Boulder: What's below it? Is there anything below like? If it was not, there? Are there other parts of the tower we'd be able to get to.
Tim Sackton: You can't see, because that's below your dark vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dark.
Tim Sackton: Presumably on some sort of floor.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, I could pull a bat out of the hat and send it down to see what's down there.
Mike Sackton: But but is there a
Mike Sackton: is it, Barry? Like this is what I don't. I'm having a hard time envisioning like, yeah, looking down.
Tim Sackton: Married in
Tim Sackton: looking down.
Tim Sackton: It's like a giant pile of rubble and stone and sand, and then sticking out of the rubble one giant arm that's banging.
Mike Sackton: So it's not.
Mike Sackton: It's not so much that there's a darkness below the darkness. It's that
Mike Sackton: ghostly gaze can't see into the rubble because it's dark, but.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I can see there's a there's a ground, so to speak.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's not ground. It's rubble, but like.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: There could be like if you cleared out the rubble, there could be stairs going down to another level, or something right.
Mike Sackton: And there's no head right just an arm sticking up so it's like.
Tim Sackton: Only the arm is sticking out.
Mike Sackton: So it like. Looks like it's reaching above its head like banging.
Tim Sackton: Forest, line.
Eric Rosenbaum: Past.
Tim Sackton: Side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it possible? It's
Eric Rosenbaum: a body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not not got all the other parts.
Mike Sackton: Would it
Mike Sackton: bit on its side proportionally
Mike Sackton: how wide I wasn't envisioning the tower as like a hundred feet.
Tim Sackton: The the tower is about 80 feet in diameter.
Tim Sackton: so 40 foot radius.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Probably if it's stretched out it like it would have to be curled up.
Tim Sackton: It would be this thing would. Well, it would probably I mean
Tim Sackton: no like. If its arm is 15 feet long, then it would probably be
Tim Sackton: 45 feet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I wasn't division the tower quite as
Mike Sackton: wide as 80. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: so it could have been knocked down by the rubble collapse. And now it's like
Mike Sackton: reaching an arm up. We can't really tell. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: it's probably it's it's
Tim Sackton: just the way it looks. It's more likely on its side than it is like standing up
Tim Sackton: right based on the size of it stood up, its head would come almost to
Tim Sackton: where you are.
Mike Sackton: Because there's not enough. The tower doesn't. I mean, I just was envisioning. We don't know. The tower could be a hundred feet down.
Tim Sackton: Could keep going down a hundred more feet easily. Yes.
Mike Sackton: How thick are the walls of the tower!
Tim Sackton: About
Tim Sackton: 10 feet. They're pretty thick.
Mike Sackton: This is so thick.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna try and detect thoughts. But
Mike Sackton: I can't do that from outside the tower.
Mike Sackton: because the walls are too thick.
Eric Rosenbaum: No thoughts, anyway. Right.
Mike Sackton: Unclear.
Mike Sackton: There's no emotions.
Tim Sackton: From Kenzo's sense. It yeah has no emotions.
Tim Sackton: Detect dots.
Tim Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Detect thoughts, works if it can speak a language, and its intelligence is greater than 3.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know. Maybe it can't speak a language.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't actually clear rubble using erupting earth, can I?
Tim Sackton: Oh, and, by the way.
Tim Sackton: from Kenzo, you know it's
Tim Sackton: immune to charm exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, or stunned
Tim Sackton: also under product and poison, damage.
Mike Sackton: But not soul trapped. It's not immune to being soul trapped or.
UU Church of Boulder: Vanished.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, I was a second.
Mike Sackton: Charisma. Safe.
UU Church of Boulder: Right. What if it's home plane? Is not this one
UU Church of Boulder: and vanish, keeps it out
UU Church of Boulder: forever?
Mike Sackton: I mean, what are we doing here.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, this is a question I have is
UU Church of Boulder: assuming we could get rid of that thing. Is there a way to clear the rubble that's in the tower like.
UU Church of Boulder: do we have any method for doing that?
Eric Rosenbaum: My mold. Earth
Eric Rosenbaum: ability
Eric Rosenbaum: never really improved, so I can excavate
Eric Rosenbaum: a 5.
Tim Sackton: We spend time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Tim Sackton: 5 foot, I mean, yeah, you could excavate it slowly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: the challenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: With shovels.
Mike Sackton: The challenge with any of this is that
Mike Sackton: it is not particularly obvious
Mike Sackton: how we get into the
Mike Sackton: space that it's in in a way that seems
Mike Sackton: moderately safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because there's a giant fist.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: It's hang on. It's loose rubble, you say.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: I could send a rat down through the rubble
UU Church of Boulder: to find its way down to the bottom to see
UU Church of Boulder: like if there's more underneath.
Mike Sackton: I mean interesting question. If you send a rat in, does it immediately get squished and killed?
UU Church of Boulder: Think everything else I've ever summoned has.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if I use reduce on Welby to make him even smaller? He'd be like what a foot and a half tall at that point, but he could still carry the mirror of of entrapment
Eric Rosenbaum: just.
Tim Sackton: Keep in mind a creature of this size, and
UU Church of Boulder: Legendary. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Challenge almost certainly has some legendary resistances.
Tim Sackton: Almost certainly can destroy a tower.
Tim Sackton: a mirror with one punch.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how has this tower been holding it in.
UU Church of Boulder: Summoning circle.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's cast the tech magic yet.
Mike Sackton: True
Mike Sackton: power could be magical. What are these crystal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah of lenses.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say, let's switch gears for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: See.
Tim Sackton: They. So they look like
Tim Sackton: possibly parts to
Tim Sackton: spyglass, but they're much nicer than anything you've seen
Tim Sackton: like. They're finer construction where.
Tim Sackton: like, really.
Tim Sackton: somehow, even despite lying in the desert for some who knows how many years.
Tim Sackton: and the sand and everything else decaying around them, they do not seem to be harmed in the slightest.
Mike Sackton: Do we have a mirror usage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
Tim Sackton: You used one on seekers thus you do not have a mirror usage at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can do my object detection with, or whatever it is the glasses can do the goggles. Sorry can do.
Tim Sackton: You can, you can cast identify with the goggles. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast identified. That's what I was going for. Yeah, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: So secret looks at thee, is staring at them with his arcade goggles.
Tim Sackton: These are.
Tim Sackton: They're magical lenses. They're components of
Tim Sackton: what seems like some sort of telescope
Tim Sackton: lenses of far seeing
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: They would need to be
Tim Sackton: mounted in some way. They don't. The
Tim Sackton: the but whatever housing was holding them was apparently not magical, and has disintegrated over time.
Tim Sackton: But the lenses themselves, with probably a little bit of tinkering, could be used to make
Tim Sackton: quite a nice
Tim Sackton: telescope.
Mike Sackton: Are they magic?
Mike Sackton: Are they.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Are the lenses themselves magical.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so. Yeah, all right. Well, I'll I'll gather them up carefully and make a mental note to have
Eric Rosenbaum: Faldrick look at them with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: he could probably fabricate whatever housing is needed.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I didn't decide what to do
Eric Rosenbaum: about this creature.
Tim Sackton: My spell has ended.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The 5 spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did when I.
Mike Sackton: Cast ghostly gaze. It also requires concentration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: So are any of the binding stone spells. Relevant planar binding
Eric Rosenbaum: or imprisonment
Eric Rosenbaum: can't remember enough about what those do.
Mike Sackton: I will look magically. Is there any magic here.
Tim Sackton: They can.
Mike Sackton: The Tower Magical.
Tim Sackton: The walls of the tower, and the lenses are all that's magic that you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Walls of the tower.
UU Church of Boulder: Perhaps to keep this thing contained.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Now go through. Gaze does not require concentration. That's wrong, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's it's a construct meaning. It's not a celestial elemental fei or fiend.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's not subject to planar binding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Imprisonment would just
Eric Rosenbaum: would not be useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're unlikely to be easily trapped in the mirror. Is that the conclusion.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we just find a way to free it from the tower and then leave? Let's see what happens
Eric Rosenbaum: and come back later follow its tracks through the desert.
Mike Sackton: It might be nice to know why it's trapped in the tower first.st
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we communicate with it?
Mike Sackton: Well, that's why I was thinking about trying to cast the tech.
Tim Sackton: Tried.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice! There you go!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's a construct. That's right from.
UU Church of Boulder: And I.
UU Church of Boulder: We could reach out telepathically right?
UU Church of Boulder: Or we could talk to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any way to tell how old it is?
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be interesting to know.
Tim Sackton: Not from where you are right now.
UU Church of Boulder: Can you tell secret how long ago the stone was quarried or built by looking at the tower itself?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good call!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hadn't thought of that!
UU Church of Boulder: Like, how is the mortar aged, or something like that?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, make
Tim Sackton: I think, probably a history check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So there's the style construction techniques the
Eric Rosenbaum: where due to sand over time. You said, history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Or or investigation. Oh, you've got well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled out.
Tim Sackton: You guys are.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5.
Tim Sackton: You guys are goof
Tim Sackton: skills these days. You, as a speaker in welding
Tim Sackton: the seeker spends a few minutes kind of looking at the stone like putting his goggles on just like finally
Eric Rosenbaum: It's at 30.
Tim Sackton: You know, poking around a little bit this is this is clearly dates to the drankorian
Tim Sackton: days.
Tim Sackton: based on the like. The weathering of the sand. It's been here.
Tim Sackton: you know, since this was desert
Tim Sackton: clearly, which dates to
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the end of the Great War, the Florida Desert for 200 years.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: What else can you learn?
Tim Sackton: so it's constructed. Probably
Tim Sackton: early in the
Tim Sackton: it during the drink Orient Empire. There's probably like
Tim Sackton: more than a thousand. It's probably around a thousand years old something like that, this tower and now you're now that you're thinking about it, and you're here. You're you're starting to put 2 and 2 together.
Tim Sackton: in your younger days. Just, you know, kind of reading as you were trying to learn about the Dunmari, and piecing together some history and stories and things before you traveled here
Tim Sackton: you remembered some sort of
Tim Sackton: what you thought was a nonsensical tale or legend or ghost story of the Dun Mari recorded from before the Great War back, when this land that you're on now used to be the sort of central part of Dunbar
Tim Sackton: and it was
Tim Sackton: the legend of the Shaking Tooth.
Tim Sackton: and the legend goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tooth.
Tim Sackton: There's a white tower
Tim Sackton: shaped
Tim Sackton: like a fang sticking up out of the planes.
Tim Sackton: Nothing grows, for
Tim Sackton: it's a hundred feet
Tim Sackton: on any side of the tower.
Tim Sackton: and if you
Tim Sackton: sneak up close across the Dead Land
Tim Sackton: and rest your hand against the solid white walls
Tim Sackton: of the Tower itself.
Tim Sackton: you can feel
Tim Sackton: the pounding
Tim Sackton: of doubt.
Tim Sackton: part of the fang
Tim Sackton: an irregular beating.
Tim Sackton: but nobody dared
Tim Sackton: enter, or at least there are no stories of anybody who entered the tower and returned.
Tim Sackton: So your inference is that
Tim Sackton: this thing has been
Tim Sackton: pounding on the walls for several 100 years
Tim Sackton: at least.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe let's talk to it and be prepared to leave very, very quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Halloween, I.
Mike Sackton: Supposing he's just gonna try with the range of halfling telepathy
Mike Sackton: 100.
Tim Sackton: Would be within.
Mike Sackton: And you can go through. You don't have to see. You can telepathize to.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean they're stairs down
Tim Sackton: that go about down about 15 feet.
Mike Sackton: Now there's an opening in the floor.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize there was an opening on the floor. So wow! So ghostly gaze was totally unnecessary.
Tim Sackton: Well, unless you didn't want to go down the stairs without seeing what the pumping.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: okay. But we could. We could go down. You said we could go down 15 feet.
Tim Sackton: You can go down like 15 feet before the stairs end.
UU Church of Boulder: Sure I'll creep down there very sneakily, and
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice.
UU Church of Boulder: this is not Welby's Strand suit.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll just reach out to telepathically and say.
UU Church of Boulder: Hello.
UU Church of Boulder: Bitz.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, beat.
UU Church of Boulder: how are you.
Tim Sackton: In what language!
UU Church of Boulder: Gosh! What would have been around here thousands of years ago?
Tim Sackton: I mean common drink, Orian.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll start with common.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far are we from Drankmoor right now?
Tim Sackton: Few 100 miles.
Tim Sackton: 300 ish miles.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: the pounding stops.
Tim Sackton: Nothing else happens.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll repeat a
UU Church of Boulder: now more polished message of greeting.
UU Church of Boulder: and I'll try dwarfish.
UU Church of Boulder: Then I'll try, Fay.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't have drink, Korea.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: along
Tim Sackton: pause.
Tim Sackton: The rubble seems to be shifting a little bit.
UU Church of Boulder: I will hide very carefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it love it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Pause continues for
Tim Sackton: 2 min or so.
Tim Sackton: Where.
Tim Sackton: there's not really anywhere to hide on the staircase except behind your friends.
Tim Sackton: unless you want to retreat back. There's plenty of places one can hide in the main room.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we should stay in the main room, and I'll be like in sort of in the
UU Church of Boulder: rack at the top of the staircase.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Like, took.
UU Church of Boulder: Between the staircase and the entrance. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: After about
Tim Sackton: 3 min or so
Tim Sackton: the pounding
Tim Sackton: resumes.
Tim Sackton: but it seems to be
Tim Sackton: somewhat more regular now, and
Tim Sackton: you can hear like rubble
Tim Sackton: shifting around beneath you in the like
Tim Sackton: in the ground below, like
Tim Sackton: rubble, like cascading off the back of something that's trying to stand up, or something like that.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll try again in
UU Church of Boulder: the rest of my languages.
UU Church of Boulder: Dunmari, Estros, Erskine.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't seem to
Tim Sackton: be
Tim Sackton: able to
Tim Sackton: respond or willing to respond.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, actually, I'll try saying in all of those various languages, and then giving it time to respond, if you can hear me clap twice
UU Church of Boulder: or like. If you speak this language.
UU Church of Boulder: or comprehend.
Tim Sackton: After
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 3 or 4 min
Tim Sackton: you start to see this
Tim Sackton: massive.
Tim Sackton: the like shoulders and head of some massive
Tim Sackton: stone
Tim Sackton: creature. I mean it looks
Tim Sackton: It looks like a like a slightly smaller version of like the Argonath from Lord of the Rings, or something like that, just like some
Tim Sackton: 40 foot tall statue carved of stone.
Tim Sackton: but it's its head seems to be
Tim Sackton: shifting up, and you can see now as it's starting to
Tim Sackton: like shift and and look at you
Tim Sackton: like. The
Tim Sackton: one entire side of its face is completely caved in.
Tim Sackton: The head is
Tim Sackton: head is empty.
Tim Sackton: the like this half of the face is caved in, and
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: So you're like looking down at this as it's beginning to try and shift and
Tim Sackton: stand.
Tim Sackton: Let's see what else? It's it's like beginning to push up with its 2 arms like it's trying to get in some
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: position to look, and you can see there's like a light like a white light, that sort of
Tim Sackton: flickering blinking in the good eye. Is it?
Mike Sackton: Closer to us, now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like.
Tim Sackton: now, up to about 20 feet, as it's trying to stand.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast detect bots. Then.
Mike Sackton: It might fail. But it'll tell us something if it does
Mike Sackton: no safe.
Tim Sackton: Nothing. Happens.
Tim Sackton: Creatures unaffected.
Mike Sackton: So it has no thoughts. With that
Mike Sackton: you must not be able to speak.
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: And it's so. And then, as it's like, it's beginning like this, eye is sort of flickering. This head is slashed in half.
Tim Sackton: You can see it as it begins to like. Stand up! It's
Tim Sackton: it's only has one. It's missing its other arm.
Tim Sackton: But as now it begins to stand, you can also see that, like
Tim Sackton: on onwards head is cut in half like there's a bunch of
Tim Sackton: various kinds of runes and arcane writing that seems to go around its forehead.
Tim Sackton: and it's I turned. Is anybody? Are you as well? Be still in the staircase? Is anybody in the staircase.
UU Church of Boulder: I think just me.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: it's I
Tim Sackton: turns to look
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: let me wait. Hold on. Why doesn't this let me roll?
Tim Sackton: it turns to look at Wellbey, and it's it's sort of
Tim Sackton: blinking
Tim Sackton: for a moment, and it's like head is sort of tilting like this.
Tim Sackton: Its eyes sort of flickering brighter and brighter
Tim Sackton: turns.
Tim Sackton: sort of trying trying to turn its head and sort of
Tim Sackton: twitching a little bit.
Tim Sackton: stops pounding and begins to
Tim Sackton: lean up, and then suddenly its head clicks.
Tim Sackton: but it looks
Tim Sackton: glancing up at Weldy.
Mike Sackton: Guys?
Mike Sackton: Does it seem.
Tim Sackton: For a second. What.
UU Church of Boulder: Does it see me.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be looking right at you.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll give it a friendly little wave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What save did they need to make again in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Charisma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's bad at charisma, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but it presumably has legendary resistances.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wow! I
Mike Sackton: we could muck about and try and burn some legendary resistances.
Mike Sackton: We want to try and do this.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't think it's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't either. But I could cast, banish.
UU Church of Boulder: I said, Well,
UU Church of Boulder: we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a concert.
Eric Rosenbaum: are there root.
UU Church of Boulder: Like seeker. Can you read the rooms? Do you know what language the rooms are? I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can read the runes. What do they say?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: it's a it's a drink Orian spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the spell animating it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's missing half its face and one arm.
Tim Sackton: And arm half its face. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Both has both legs, or we don't know.
Tim Sackton: It hasn't
Tim Sackton: stood up yet. It seems to be like it looks like it's maybe sitting up at this point.
Tim Sackton: You can see the rubble sort of cascaded down, and there are stairs
Tim Sackton: going down from the floor that it's on
Tim Sackton: completely unclear. How it possibly it made. It was
Tim Sackton: possibly got into the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless it was a human or something, and then it got transformed into the thing inside the tower.
Mike Sackton: Or somebody built the tower around it.
Mike Sackton: or enchanted it inside the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where? Where is this Howerton? On the map? Where are we.
Tim Sackton: You're like
Tim Sackton: sorry
Tim Sackton: you're like.
Tim Sackton: come on
Tim Sackton: here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Shifts its head again, and its eye
Tim Sackton: flashes now completely bright white
Tim Sackton: turns, and it gives one like
Tim Sackton: dramatic thump on the wall.
Tim Sackton: Everybody's.
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure
Mike Sackton: doesn't
Mike Sackton: feel to me like there's a really obvious
Mike Sackton: thing to do here that isn't
Mike Sackton: super dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! When did that ever stop us? But, fair fair point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we could just walk away.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or.
UU Church of Boulder: I was just thinking like
UU Church of Boulder: suddenly a beam of.
Tim Sackton: Light shoots out of its eye.
Eric Rosenbaum: On a.
Tim Sackton: While we make a dexterity saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, cool!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like it's like it's like one of those robots from castle in the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: You take
Tim Sackton: 60 points of oh, no
Tim Sackton: evasion. So you take half damage. You take 30 points of
Tim Sackton: what did I roll? Here.
Tim Sackton: you take 30 points of radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: as this beam of light strikes you.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah. I'm gonna head up the stairs. Give a wave, all right.
UU Church of Boulder: I see how it's gonna be.
UU Church of Boulder: Someone step into the room where the rest of you are slightly like smoking still.
UU Church of Boulder: and say so, not friendly.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we should leave.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Sharing a clear message with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we make a giant sealed chamber aboard the ship. I teleport with it in, and then Dimension door myself back out.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then it will just bang on the walls of the ship instead for all time.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're right we should get out of here.
UU Church of Boulder: Alternately. How many banishes do you have? Because, like, if you could.
UU Church of Boulder: if you could keep it out, you know, we
UU Church of Boulder: imagine what this must be protecting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what you mean.
Mike Sackton: I have no reason to think it's protecting. We don't know if it's protecting anything.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it can't vanish.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: massive Downside, except that I have to, I think, probably get in range of its creepy eye.
Mike Sackton: How many bands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what if it has 2 legendary resistances?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we show it the mirror?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 3 or 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any other things I'll burn legendary resistances.
Mike Sackton: Does it seem to be going back to? Is it like
Mike Sackton: banging still.
Tim Sackton: It stopped banging, and it seems to just be staring at the stairs now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Waiting.
Mike Sackton: Gonna shoot whoever comes through the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think.
Mike Sackton: So like I can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Mike Sackton: It from here right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is protecting something cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: It's probably like Staff of God killing.
Mike Sackton: Do you really think it's protecting something cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it's preventing us from going down the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Starting, something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why was it put there in the 1st place? Oh, are there any anything to see among the
Eric Rosenbaum: chewed up.
Eric Rosenbaum: decayed books.
Tim Sackton: No, there's nothing coverable for many of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: No words to see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's just sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not like us to give up on something like this. But I
Eric Rosenbaum: it's either we throw a bunch of resources at burning its resistances and then try to trap it, or we just go home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, what harm is there in burning a couple of resources and trying.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I like the way you think.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah, there's that. There's something to be said for that.
Mike Sackton: It's just. I suspect it's going to be hard to go banish it to go, try and banish it without being
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How close you have to be to banish it.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I try to use the binding stones to cast imprisonment, that's
Eric Rosenbaum: line of sight.
Mike Sackton: 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that only has range of 30 feet, apparently
Eric Rosenbaum: imprisonment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far away do we have to be? For to to use the mirror on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's surely also line of sight right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's 30 feet.
UU Church of Boulder: The mirror may not work on it because it's a construct, not a
UU Church of Boulder: creature, person, animal.
UU Church of Boulder: but it's not a living thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we? Can we, arcana, check that? Tim? Would. Would the mirror even work at all?
Tim Sackton: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand. Yeah, you must go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret Roles. Arcana.
Eric Rosenbaum: Normal role.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, not with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: 25.
UU Church of Boulder: You know, a normal role.
Tim Sackton: You've never tried, I mean.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing inherent in the mirror that says it shouldn't work on constructs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, if there's a chance, we can capture this and not, you know, just waste a few spell slots like, why, the fuck not right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's just somebody could get killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, that was a hard hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to engage it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess we have like role role
Tim Sackton: I assume the portable hole is still folded up in Welby's.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we have gaseous forms still.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I think we use that.
Tim Sackton: Jersey is the gaseous worm person.
UU Church of Boulder: That would be super handy.
Mike Sackton: That would be handy, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: we could put the immovable rod in place and show it how to use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: because it could climb out, using that
Eric Rosenbaum: I could just like use it as a rung to pull itself up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know where that gets us, but.
Mike Sackton: I don't think that gets us much to be totally honest.
Mike Sackton: I'm just so okay.
Mike Sackton: We could. I could deal with could certainly
Mike Sackton: run down.
Mike Sackton: The problem is, as far as I can tell, it's sniper fire. Right? I could go. I could go try and banish it, but it's gonna probably get an eyeshot at me at the same time.
UU Church of Boulder: I could. Yeah, I could send like an animal in. I mean, we could send. We could send the back in 1st to see if it.
Mike Sackton: Prizes.
UU Church of Boulder: Lizard, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Good idea. Good idea.
Mike Sackton: Can't hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Send the wedding first.st
Eric Rosenbaum: A bad.
Mike Sackton: A bat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's just do that test.
UU Church of Boulder: Actually hope
UU Church of Boulder: I'm gonna send a rat in, because if the rat makes it
UU Church of Boulder: and survives the fault, then it can climb down through the rubble and see if there's anything underneath. Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: if I burn spell slots like there's no tomorrow I could cast invisible. Go down, banish it, and then misty step, but
Mike Sackton: that's pretty
UU Church of Boulder: It may be able to see you invisible.
Mike Sackton: Also, that's a good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Send the rep first.st
Mike Sackton: Yes, on the rat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This whole situation is like, it's like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the most tantal like. We can't let this go. It's like we have to. Just. It's like it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfortunately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ultimate teas.
Mike Sackton: The only other thing. Here's the other idea. Is it? Did you say? If it was immune to exhaustion or not?
Tim Sackton: It is immune to exhaustion. Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright. I got one more.
UU Church of Boulder: and that is
UU Church of Boulder: that
UU Church of Boulder: with seekers. So here's really what I'm thinking. Is, is there another level that is complete like below where it is. Is there some? Is there something else underneath it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I could.
Tim Sackton: Now that the rubble is shifting, and it seems to have sat up, although apparently not stood up.
Tim Sackton: It does seem like there is.
Tim Sackton: But there's a
Tim Sackton: another. It's on a solid floor, and there's stairs down below.
UU Church of Boulder: What are we clairvoyance? Down.
Eric Rosenbaum: I care. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: To get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea.
Mike Sackton: Here's the other thing.
Mike Sackton: It
Mike Sackton: is not immune to radiant damage. Right.
Tim Sackton: It is not immunion, damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, sick, and radiance lasts for 10 min.
Mike Sackton: What's a hundred
Mike Sackton: now? That's 60, that's 60 saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it! It can't escape that, no matter what.
Mike Sackton: Can't escape it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could just slow roast it.
Mike Sackton: It's a con, save.
Mike Sackton: but it's consave can't be.
Mike Sackton: It can be good. But the DC. Is pretty good, even if it had
Mike Sackton: a plus 20 on its con, save it would still fail half the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let me.
Mike Sackton: No, if it had a plus 20 it would never fail. Sorry, right? It would fail one time in 5, 1 time in 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: A clairvoyance to look.
Mike Sackton: Clairvoyance. First.st
Eric Rosenbaum: The level below the one we're on or the level below the one the construct is on.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The clairvoyance appears in
Tim Sackton: a.
Tim Sackton: Again what seems like an empty room there's there may have once been
Tim Sackton: windows. There's not doors, but it's like there's sand that's been pouring in from all the sides, right? This is clearly well below the level of sand.
Tim Sackton: and you can see that. Actually, as you go further down, like you can see.
Tim Sackton: there's stairs down, but it's just completely filled with sand below this level.
Tim Sackton: There's at least one more level down below here. But it's like it's just been totally filled in by the sand. And this
Tim Sackton: this floor, like
Tim Sackton: it mostly is basically just
Tim Sackton: sand everywhere like you, you're you're
Tim Sackton: clairvoyant censorism, like what seems like a sort of pocket in the middle.
Tim Sackton: But all you can see around you in any direction is sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's evidence that there's another. There's more below.
Tim Sackton: They go. Yeah, you can see, like the
Tim Sackton: you can see, basically because of the way that the sand sort of cascades down there's like a depression.
Tim Sackton: That's clearly
Tim Sackton: stairs that are
Tim Sackton: 90% filled with sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! What was it?
Mike Sackton: It was good at strength and con and bad at Inton charisma.
Tim Sackton: It's well, actually, it's 2. Worst is engine decks.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Mike Sackton: but we don't know anything about its wisdom except that it's not its best.
Tim Sackton: Wisdom is not its best
Tim Sackton: caught, and strength are very good.
Mike Sackton: I mean, are we gonna try to like snipe this thing? It it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should decide in the next few minutes to either get on.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: believe.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we have any way of clearing the sand like? Let's say we can destroy this thing instantly. And it's not even a problem
UU Church of Boulder: like, what does that get? And we can get to the next level down? Awesome
UU Church of Boulder: do we have? If we don't have a way of clearing the sand out. It seems like we're kind of screwed anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: it's either trap it in the mirror or nothing. Probably.
Mike Sackton: Be bro.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't have it.
Mike Sackton: Any way of like mass. I guess Riswind has all those spells not.
Tim Sackton: I mean mold earth can ship a 5 foot cube of sand, but it would take a fair bit of engineering to.
Tim Sackton: because Sand's pouring in the windows right like you're
Tim Sackton: you're like 20 feet below the level of
Tim Sackton: the desert floor, so you would need to like make some sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wood, wall of stone to.
Tim Sackton: You need to like wall of stone it so that that you know it would. It would be a significant engineering project. It's definitely not beyond your speaker skills.
Tim Sackton: but just me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take a day or something.
Tim Sackton: It would take a day or 2.
UU Church of Boulder: Is this the sort of thing Afredis can do easily.
Mike Sackton: So what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Candy.
UU Church of Boulder: It's free.
Tim Sackton: You have the a free bottle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Eric Rosenbaum: Forgot about that!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the free? What is the free?
Mike Sackton: It just lets us summon in a free.
Tim Sackton: That's like a
Tim Sackton: it's like a fire, genie
Tim Sackton: they have no particular skill in.
Tim Sackton: I mean, an Earth elemental is what you need. They could, just.
Tim Sackton: you know, descend to the sand.
Tim Sackton: A freebie has no particular skill at dealing with sand.
UU Church of Boulder: With someone elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've summoned Fay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not as useful.
Mike Sackton: Maybe it is. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it doesn't seem super useful, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's let's let's make a decision.
Mike Sackton: What do you guys think?
Mike Sackton: Cast radiance and see what happens.
UU Church of Boulder: How big's the tower?
UU Church of Boulder: Will it be able to move out of sickening radius.
Eric Rosenbaum: No right.
Tim Sackton: How big is the ingredients?
Mike Sackton: 30 foot diameter, no. 30 foot radius cube.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot diameter, radius. Let me check
Mike Sackton: at.
Tim Sackton: The tower is a is 40 foot radius.
Tim Sackton: so theoretically could be able to move out of.
Mike Sackton: But it's bigger than 10 feet, isn't it?
Mike Sackton: It's considered.
Tim Sackton: That's true. No, yeah, yeah, it it would not. It would always some part of it.
Tim Sackton: So what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're basically either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only thing we can do is try to try to try to capture it in mirror, right? Like we're definitely not gonna fight it.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, the idea would be cast sickening radiance. It's stuck in the sickening radiance.
Mike Sackton: It lasts for 10 min.
Mike Sackton: so it would have to make 60
Mike Sackton: DC. 19 con. Saves, and every time it fails it takes 40 10 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: So if it fails, 10 of 40 d. 10 might in fact, kill it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That could happen.
UU Church of Boulder: Could kill us all.
Mike Sackton: I mean, teleport's just an action to cast right.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it.
UU Church of Boulder: All right. Let's do it. Let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Hold on. So I'm going to cast sanctuary on myself.
Tim Sackton: Okay, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds like.
Mike Sackton: No cause, only only deal with is gonna go.
Mike Sackton: I have to be within line of sight. I can't cast second irradiance if I can't see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: wait! Hold on! I can't picture the staircase.
Mike Sackton: Can I see?
Mike Sackton: Is there anywhere I can go where I cannot see it? But I can see part of the area.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: Spiral staircase, going down.
Tim Sackton: It's going along. The staircase goes on the side of the wall.
Mike Sackton: It's an exterior.
Tim Sackton: It's an exterior staircase.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But, like, can I just
Mike Sackton: lie down on the ground by the entrance to the staircase and like peek
Mike Sackton: down like, I don't need to be able to see it, to cast sick and radius. I just need be able to see some part of the place to target it. It has a hundred 20 foot range.
UU Church of Boulder: And is that only necessary during the initial casting.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: And then you can move further.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, you can. Probably you can probably do that.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm not necessarily assuming that I will
Mike Sackton: intrinsically avoid the eyeshot. I just want to have cover or advantage of my deck safe, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think you can. You're not going to avoid it. But you can definitely get half cover. Which gives you
Tim Sackton: what does that give you, or even 3 quarters cover gives you, plus 5 to your next.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
Mike Sackton: And I'm also so okay, so I'm going to cast sanctuary
Mike Sackton: on me.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Mike Sackton: Then I'll
Mike Sackton: sneak. I'll try and
Mike Sackton: position myself to get off the spell, and then I'll retreat as soon as I cast the spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so.
Mike Sackton: If it's readying an action to blow me up as soon as it sees something, it has to make the sanctuary save.
Mike Sackton: or its action fails.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right is the idea.
Mike Sackton: Then the sanctuary will go away when I cast the spell. But then I'll be able to escape.
Tim Sackton: Right, but you don't want it to. If it's gonna hit you, you want to make sure it hits you before you cast the spell not after you cast the spell.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it'll be my turn, so I'll run away.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, okay, right? So it's writing it, right? I got it. I got it. So it has to make the same. It has to make the sanctuary safe.
Tim Sackton: and if it fails, that's a
Tim Sackton: that's a 27. So it succeeded on the sanctuary, save
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: sanctuary does not
Tim Sackton: stop it from targeting you.
Tim Sackton: It gets his eye shot off. Make a dexterity saving throw with plus 5.
Mike Sackton: Can I get inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Add.
Mike Sackton: let's see, inspiration is what
Mike Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: 10.
UU Church of Boulder: 15 failed, but.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Exactly.
Mike Sackton: A 9. No.
Mike Sackton: 14. Okay, hold on. I have. I have some more tricks up my sleeve.
Mike Sackton: so it fails to save.
Mike Sackton: So wait! Hold on! What are we up to? It was 7, 9,
Mike Sackton: plus 5 is 14.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my God! Does 17 make it.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: This is the worst rolling I've ever done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You take! Let me roll
Tim Sackton: 55 points of radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: and then your spell goes off.
Tim Sackton: So it's how many saves does it have to make? And then you just retrieve.
Mike Sackton: Then I retreat. This would need to make.
Mike Sackton: There's how many turns in a minute. 6 turns a minute, right?
Mike Sackton: No, 10 turns a minute. 10, a hundred, 100 saves.
Tim Sackton: And how much damage does each failed save, do.
Mike Sackton: Or d. 10. Radiant damage.
Mike Sackton: DC. Is 19,
Mike Sackton: but it's a con, save so it might have a pretty good con, save.
Tim Sackton: You stand there for.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm gonna stand. Yeah, we'll hear it if it thuds.
Tim Sackton: nothing really seems to.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it seems like it's taking some damage. It's immune to exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to judge how much damage is taken.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Thrashing around does not count that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
UU Church of Boulder: Do you have another spell? Slot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I could. I mean.
Mike Sackton: I could do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I could do again. This is ridiculous. I could run the whole sequence again. I need some healing first.st If I could run the whole sequence again, though, because that was half my hip points.
Mike Sackton: they may have healing.
UU Church of Boulder: Get a potion or 2 right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have. I have healing spells.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Can you cast the healing spell.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is ridiculous in theory. I could do this
Mike Sackton: 3 more times
Mike Sackton: because I could use both of my things that get back spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll use a 4th Level Healing.
Mike Sackton: Okay, this is ridiculous. Fine. We're doing this.
Mike Sackton: How much does that heel.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15.
Mike Sackton: And that's not great
Mike Sackton: that could still kill me with one shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: his turret. There.
Mike Sackton: Here I can cast a healing word on myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I could do another one for you, or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Could you do another one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do another, one.
Mike Sackton: Tim. I don't know what you were expecting when you set this up.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: no idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I go through it now.
Tim Sackton: I don't set things off with expectations about what's gonna happen anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: I wasn't expecting this to be like half the session.
Tim Sackton: you know, 2 thirds of the session, but.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's what I mean by you. Set a interesting puzzle. What did you expect us to do?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Ignore it.
Tim Sackton: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another.
Tim Sackton: Long as you're having fun, I'm totally fine. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I will do the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other 16.
Mike Sackton: I will, and I can get another. I could get an inspiration right
Mike Sackton: if I need it.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna do that again, sanctuary.
Mike Sackton: And then same deal. Duck down and
Mike Sackton: try and
Mike Sackton: blast it.
Mike Sackton: try and cast another healing word, another sickening radiance, and in the meantime take a look at what's
Mike Sackton: like. I'll try and get a glimpse at it when I'm
Mike Sackton: do like, does it? I guess it would be hard to tell if it looks.
UU Church of Boulder: Hold up, can I?
UU Church of Boulder: How big is its eye? Blast like? Can I shoot it at the same time like, well, it's busy.
Tim Sackton: I said, you
Tim Sackton: 10 feet wide.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there a.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean? Does the crack in the floor, or anything else? Give me a
UU Church of Boulder: a line of sight
UU Church of Boulder: that's not in the black.
Tim Sackton: Not crack, just the ceiling.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: there's not any you could definitely sneak down and try and shoot it. There's not really anywhere that's gonna there's there's
Tim Sackton: again you can get cover. But there's not really any way to avoid
Tim Sackton: the eyeblast entirely. If you're gonna be in a spot where it can
Tim Sackton: reach you.
UU Church of Boulder: All right. Well, I'll wait for another sickening radiance or 2 before.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let's let's try. I mean, the problem is, if it's only failing on 5% of them.
Mike Sackton: right? Then it only fails 5 per time.
Mike Sackton: 5 d.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not enough. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The problem is is, it's hard to tell how many times it's actually failing. It's safe, right?
Mike Sackton: Cause
Mike Sackton: 20 d. 10. What's 20 d. 10 on average. Right? That's like a hundred.
Eric Rosenbaum: And points it in.
Mike Sackton: But it could have 400 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? I mean, it's a giant stone creature. It probably has a lot of hip points. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But anyway, I'm trying this one more time. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: at least same deal.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sanctuary, ducked down.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay, so
Tim Sackton: as you as you duck down. Now, you see. It's
Tim Sackton: it's pulled itself up.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: it doesn't seem to have any legs
Tim Sackton: like it's pulled itself up and it's propped up on its torso. You can actually see now, as the rubble is shifted. There's 1 giant leg that's like cracked in half
Tim Sackton: below it.
Tim Sackton: and it's turned. It sort of cocked its its head
Tim Sackton: slightly.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: has has turned at you
Tim Sackton: to look at you as you appear.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: yes. So you cast sanctuary.
Tim Sackton: so it needs to make it sanctuary check.
Tim Sackton: okay, it succeeds again.
Tim Sackton: it is going to
Tim Sackton: send another.
Tim Sackton: I blast
Tim Sackton: but now it's actually actually
Tim Sackton: no
Tim Sackton: change that
Tim Sackton: it's not sending an eyeblast.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna it like. This
Tim Sackton: blast of force shoots out of its head
Tim Sackton: and hits you.
Tim Sackton: It does less damage.
Mike Sackton: What save is it.
Tim Sackton: It's not a same. It's an attack on.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Does 14 damage, and you're knocked prone.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: that doesn't really matter. Right?
Tim Sackton: It probably means you can't
Tim Sackton: run away this term.
Mike Sackton: Why not
Mike Sackton: half my move to get up?
Mike Sackton: And does it more than 15 feet to
Mike Sackton: say you're saying it's more than 15 feet to get to cover.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe not.
Mike Sackton: That's okay. I'll just cast misty step.
Mike Sackton: and I can't do both in the one turn. Okay, I will do another second radiance.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: and scurry away.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm assuming I can.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: I still not envisioning this that well, but like I was envisioning like
Mike Sackton: there's a
Mike Sackton: there's a there's a staircase that comes up right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, right, and.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with is like
Mike Sackton: practically lying down on the ground. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no. That makes sense. Right? Okay? So yeah, so you just crawl backwards, even though you're knocked back slightly.
Tim Sackton: anybody else want to do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Now, I sort of feel like we have to like just I have to try this 2 more times and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: But.
UU Church of Boulder: Pretty much.
Eric Rosenbaum: so you're aiming to knock it down.
Mike Sackton: How am I gonna try this 2 more times
Mike Sackton: like, no, I actually do it. I can actually do it 3 more times.
UU Church of Boulder: How's how's it doing after signaling radius? Number 2.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't fall over it's very difficult to judge how damaged this thing is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be. It's like
Tim Sackton: pounding harder on the
Tim Sackton: stone now.
Tim Sackton: And it's seems to have like pulled itself up a little bit so it can almost now reach
Tim Sackton: with how big it is and how
Tim Sackton: like standing it is, it can
Tim Sackton: almost it can basically reach the bottom of the staircase now, and it started smash! It's starting, hitting
Tim Sackton: the staircase that you're coming that you were coming from as it's like in the second radiance, and spends like 10 min trying to
Tim Sackton: smash this staircase to pieces.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there a line? Is there a line of sight from where we are to like it's and like, can I be
UU Church of Boulder: shooting it without?
UU Church of Boulder: It's Iotex.
Tim Sackton: no, if you get, because okay. So the staircase goes down like this, if you get onto the staircase so you can look out through it can see where you are, because it's looking up at the staircase right? So.
Mike Sackton: But it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: You're like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't have legs.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: conceptually. I mean
Mike Sackton: to avoid spending like another hour at this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is it killable with radiance, damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Cause we could short rest and do it again, and short rest and do it again. What's gonna happen right.
Mike Sackton: unless it has some, unless we have some reason to think that it can actually get up to here, and with 20 min it probably doesn't
Mike Sackton: right.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: right.
Tim Sackton: Nope, it's
Tim Sackton: 100% like you would event. If you just keep doing this, you'll eventually kill it.
Tim Sackton: it's definitely being damaged.
Tim Sackton: like after the second one. It seems like its movements are slowing a little bit. It's like hard to say, but probably a 3rd one like would be enough.
Mike Sackton: Like, let's just I'm gonna so this time I'm gonna cast
Mike Sackton: armor of Agatha before I go down, so that if I take damage I'll suck 10 pit points first, st
Mike Sackton: then sanctuary again, and then another sickening radiance. Same deal.
Tim Sackton: What's your DC. For the sanctuary.
Mike Sackton: 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this is gonna be the ibeam again.
Mike Sackton: Okay, can I use my? I'm gonna keep my deck safe roll that I rolled last time because I rolled a 20.
Mike Sackton: Is that okay?
Tim Sackton: Yup, that does not. Oh, no! With the plus 5 that does succeed.
Tim Sackton: So you take 30 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: Seeing with my armor vodka, I'd take like nothing.
Mike Sackton: Well, 5 points of damage
Mike Sackton: that uses up.
Mike Sackton: So now I'm
Mike Sackton: okay. So does this kill it.
Tim Sackton: About 6 min into the spell. You hear a thud.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Let's investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Leave the spell until the 10 min are up.
Mike Sackton: No reason to hurry.
Mike Sackton: And then let's send like a bat or a rat down and see what's happening.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You send a bat down.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing moving.
Tim Sackton: This thing is keeled over.
Mike Sackton: Benzo
Mike Sackton: Kong. You awake.
Mike Sackton: Kong's not knowing the fall. He's not knowing the fall asleep when.
Tim Sackton: Pong.
UU Church of Boulder: Enzo declines to go first.st
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna have him soul sight to see if this thing's really dead.
UU Church of Boulder: That's a very.
Tim Sackton: It is really good. Okay.
Mike Sackton: What's down? Let's go. What's down there.
UU Church of Boulder: I feel a little pang of conscience at having ended like a thousand year old myth of this whole area of the world.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So how are you getting down.
Mike Sackton: cast fly! Again.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: spells.
Mike Sackton: I'll use. I'll use my rod of the pack keeper to get.
UU Church of Boulder: Surely we have a ladder. Surely we have a ladder.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but flies more.
Mike Sackton: It's good to have flags.
Tim Sackton: You have a ladder in the in the portal.
Mike Sackton: Tim, the rod of the pack keeper lets me regain one spell. Slot right. I haven't used that yet.
Mike Sackton: so I use my magical cunning to get back to.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Used one for Agatha, one for.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you all fly down to the
Tim Sackton: sand
Tim Sackton: level or the rubble level.
Mike Sackton: As far down as we can get.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're down in this.
Tim Sackton: You're now underneath
Tim Sackton: the floor at which this construct was on. And your
Tim Sackton: this is just a
Tim Sackton: tomb of sand.
Mike Sackton: So there's windows.
Tim Sackton: That are full of sand, because you're 20 feet underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we have anything like? So what we care about is, is there anything like worth looking for?
UU Church of Boulder: Do you have anything like X-ray vision? Ish
UU Church of Boulder: like anything.
Mike Sackton: Gays.
UU Church of Boulder: Can you
UU Church of Boulder: to me.
Mike Sackton: To sand.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'd have to. We'd have to short rest, but we could short rest.
UU Church of Boulder: What about
UU Church of Boulder: secret? Can you? Can you like
UU Church of Boulder: look through Earth like you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I I only have the thing that scans for, like precious
Eric Rosenbaum: medals.
UU Church of Boulder: That wouldn't hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: I scanned for it like I forgot
Eric Rosenbaum: always have to look up.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Works.
Mike Sackton: We could like, take everything out of the portable hole.
Mike Sackton: make a wall of stone so that more sand wouldn't come in.
Mike Sackton: put the portable hole, and let the sand pour into the hole.
Mike Sackton: bring it up above the wall of stone, empty it, etc, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a funny idea. We could excavate it gradually. Yes, if you really want.
Mike Sackton: I mean, a portable hole holds a lot of.
Tim Sackton: That branch.
Mike Sackton: It holds a lot of sand
Mike Sackton: if we empty it of most of the stuff that's taking up like the piles and piles and piles of money that's taking up all the space.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right?
Eric Rosenbaum: so the sense valuable or extends 300 feet.
Mike Sackton: There's only how many windows are there.
Tim Sackton: Here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: On this floor. There's 4 windows.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: and they're all
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to picture. The windows are full of sand.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you are currently like, 20 feet underground.
Mike Sackton: But how are.
Tim Sackton: Said.
Mike Sackton: How is the window full of
Mike Sackton: like are we standing on? Are the windows beneath us? I'm yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, so it's like.
Mike Sackton: it's like piles of sand have poured in through the window, and we're standing sort of parallel.
Tim Sackton: Child, sand. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: What about a shapeshift to a digging creature.
Mike Sackton: Oh, polymorph! Into like a giant badger!
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't think of that. That's a super interesting idea.
Mike Sackton: I think you the 1st step is well, short rest, and you, wall of stone to block up the windows. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like that's only necessary. If we really want to remove all the sand.
Mike Sackton: Well, we want to see what's down here. That's
Mike Sackton: went to the trouble, and.
UU Church of Boulder: We want to get another level below this one right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we gotta go down to the bottom. Now.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I can just do the polymorph on myself right away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: And dig and see what's down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but.
Mike Sackton: It might be hard to.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 4th Level spots.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have one left.
Eric Rosenbaum: What digs through sand, you guys.
Mike Sackton: Upon, the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Software.
Tim Sackton: I think a giant badger is your best bet, because it has a burrow speed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Anything with a bro speed. Giant Badger sounds perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I can't believe I didn't think that it's great. Let's just do that first.st Yeah, go.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: goes down to the level
Eric Rosenbaum: below the
Eric Rosenbaum: the level full of sand, and polymorphs himself into a giant badger.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: This session has really gone off the rails in a great way.
Mike Sackton: It has.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm I'm I'm just really happy to be here for it.
Tim Sackton: So you dig down.
Tim Sackton: So the badger
Tim Sackton: starts to like, bury down into the sand like
Tim Sackton: swimming, basically down to where the stairs are like feeling with your little
Tim Sackton: You don't make a tunnel so things like collapse behind you, I mean, you can breathe through
Tim Sackton: seeker
Tim Sackton: descends
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: like you spend your borough speed is only like 10 feet. So you spend about
Tim Sackton: 10 min digging down until you
Tim Sackton: hit what
Tim Sackton: stone like you feel like. There's some
Tim Sackton: stone that you're swimming through. You kind of
Tim Sackton: poke around trying to sort this out. This feels like another floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: like.
Tim Sackton: Swim around a little bit
Tim Sackton: until you
Tim Sackton: come up against the wall, and then, like there's a way
Tim Sackton: you think you can get down one more level.
Tim Sackton: you sort of dig
Tim Sackton: into
Tim Sackton: the sand.
Tim Sackton: dig, dig, dig, dig.
Tim Sackton: you dig down.
Tim Sackton: swim around through the sand in the bottom level.
Tim Sackton: There's nowhere to go from here. You're like in the basement or the 1st floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It's very difficult to like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're just kind of swimming randomly in the sand.
Tim Sackton: challenging to.
Tim Sackton: There's no, there's no open space here, just completely full of sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. Well, I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, do the technique where you keep one.
Eric Rosenbaum: and on the wall, so I can trace all the way around.
Tim Sackton: although no other floor has had stone interior walls. This floor does you hit a wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: Which means, maybe, a door, which means, maybe an interior room not filled with sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be could be. So I'll check for
Eric Rosenbaum: any
Eric Rosenbaum: edges, doors, seams.
Tim Sackton: There is a door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
Tim Sackton: Don't know how a badger could open it, plus it's you'd be pulling up against a huge amount of sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sand. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, okay. I'll trace all the way.
Tim Sackton: This seems to be like a
Tim Sackton: it seems like you're in a basement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this? Am I on an exterior wall? Could this be the door to the outside, which is now.
Tim Sackton: No, you're on an interior wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interior Door.
Tim Sackton: You're almost certain you're in the basement now. You're pretty sure you went from
Tim Sackton: floor one to the basement.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm gonna whack at the door with my claws to see if I can hear hollow sounds.
UU Church of Boulder: Smart.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. It's hot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: While I'm a badger, and I have to stay a badger, or I'm gonna be stuck down here. I could dimension door. Back up. I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: you can.
Mike Sackton: You mentioned door to the other side.
UU Church of Boulder: Outside of the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I could dimension door. Oh, I can use a higher level spell. Slot right to cast a 4th Level spell. So I have 4.
Mike Sackton: Just you can't use your cell phone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love.
Mike Sackton: Gotta use that for teleport, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't use my got it. Don't use my 7th level slot, so I have 3,
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 more spell slots that are above 4, th
Eric Rosenbaum: so I could dimension door through the door. You're saying.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! How good is Seeker's sense of
Mike Sackton: direction.
Tim Sackton: I mean right now. It's a badger sense of direction, not seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So very strong, probably right.
Mike Sackton: The question is, if he comes back up, would he be able to
Mike Sackton: no dimension door because Dimension Door, you don't have to see or know where you're going. You can just describe.
Tim Sackton: There is a
Tim Sackton: there is a chance, but it's not guaranteed.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's probably a pretty good chance, because Seeker is quite clever.
Eric Rosenbaum: But a chance of what? Sorry?
Tim Sackton: If you tried to dimension door from
Tim Sackton: the room with the dead colossus in it to the empty room.
Tim Sackton: you can like, try and imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: I always.
Tim Sackton: But you're not
Tim Sackton: a hundred percent guaranteed to get it right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then if I get it wrong.
Tim Sackton: You're just in sand.
Tim Sackton: you'll start suffocating.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then I dimension door back out again.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: is there anything else? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so probably can't. There's probably not a way to open the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if I release Polymorph right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're on down there.
Tim Sackton: Surrounded by
Tim Sackton: sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I could dimension door
Eric Rosenbaum: through the door.
Tim Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then again to escape.
UU Church of Boulder: Why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. A dimension door through the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me mark off a spell. Slot for that. That's 1 of my.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if there's sand on the other side of the door. But yeah, go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm not sure what happens if I dimension door
Eric Rosenbaum: into a place.
UU Church of Boulder: Wasn't it right?
UU Church of Boulder: We thought.
Mike Sackton: Sounded hollow. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're you already said you're doing this. So Seeker turned back into a dwarf, and as the sandstone
Tim Sackton: pouring around you, you suddenly dimension door through the door. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you find yourself
Tim Sackton: in a room with no sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright!
Tim Sackton: Slightly good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: it's, you know, it's dusty. It's been, you know. This is a long, abandoned room that nobody has been in for centuries or more.
Tim Sackton: there are 3. There's like
Tim Sackton: it's like a square room, or
Tim Sackton: 3 sides are square, and then the
Tim Sackton: the exterior wall of the temple of the Tower is curved.
Tim Sackton: On the left wall you can see
Tim Sackton: what looks like
Tim Sackton: racks and racks of
Tim Sackton: scrolls of various kinds. They look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gore.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they've been sitting here for a long time. It looks like one touch might disintegrate them.
Tim Sackton: On the
Tim Sackton: on the
Tim Sackton: right hand side you can see there is. There are 2 chests.
Tim Sackton: both of which are shut and locked.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: standing in front of you on
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the door in front, or sorry on the wall of the
Tim Sackton: The wall of the tower
Tim Sackton: you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! Hold on.
Tim Sackton: Just need to check one thing here. Oh, wait! I had 4 speed still on
Tim Sackton: you see, see, standing
Tim Sackton: in front
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: U is a much smaller. Where?
Tim Sackton: Where is this? Not
Tim Sackton: a much smaller creature?
Tim Sackton: made of human
Tim Sackton: humanoid creature?
Tim Sackton: Made of stone.
Tim Sackton: This one is only about
Tim Sackton: 10 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: again as you
Tim Sackton: enter. It's like I start
Tim Sackton: sort of slowly blinking open as it turns to look at you
Tim Sackton: seems to be
Tim Sackton: long dormant
Tim Sackton: again. It looks like a chiseled stone statue about 10 feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna
Eric Rosenbaum: box it in with wall of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: carefully making sure that I have at least the 2 remaining spell slots that I'm gonna.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: role initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: did that not work?
Eric Rosenbaum: Try again.
Eric Rosenbaum: having trouble with
Eric Rosenbaum: Dnd beyond. Let me try refreshing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think what happened before is I got signed out of it.
Tim Sackton: Well, I rolled a 2. So you're probably not gonna fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled an 1111.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it gets a deck save
Tim Sackton: because you're trying to box it in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? Oh, like, let me mark off the spell. Slot for wall of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Did I do that right?
Tim Sackton: What's your.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. Okay.
Tim Sackton: What's your DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: My DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure where to read that from.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm
Tim Sackton: 18. I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, safety. C. 18. That's right.
Tim Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: As you're as you're like starting to close it in around this panel.
Tim Sackton: at? Well.
Tim Sackton: wait! Hold on.
Tim Sackton: and suddenly
Tim Sackton: starts to move, and it runs forward to get out of the wall. It made it safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: it like looks at you.
Tim Sackton: and you have to make a wisdom saving throw
Tim Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm great at that
Eric Rosenbaum: itch.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not really great at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 10.
Tim Sackton: You are slowed.
Tim Sackton: You can't use reactions. Your speed is halved.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: you can either take an action or a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: you can still cast spells. Yes, but
Tim Sackton: it's not. Technically, it's not the same as the slow spell. You can't use reactions. Your speed is hacked, and you can't make more than one attack.
Tim Sackton: and you can either use an action or a bonus action, but not both.
Tim Sackton: You can repeat the save at the end of your turn.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, the problem is.
Eric Rosenbaum: who are
Eric Rosenbaum: my budget
Eric Rosenbaum: has run out. Basically.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: What is in this room? There's like 2 chassis.
Tim Sackton: Holes, 2 chests, and a stone Golem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Much smaller, one.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: just looking at my lower level spells to see if anything I have anything that could stop it. Yep.
UU Church of Boulder: If you still had.
UU Church of Boulder: can I make a suggestion? If you still have a dimension door slot left.
UU Church of Boulder: just go straight
UU Church of Boulder: up, and then we'll know how to get back
UU Church of Boulder: down again into that space.
Mike Sackton: We're going to end up long resting so you can get your spells back so that we can dimension to her down. Kill the Stone Golem and see what's here.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what else at this point. What are we gonna do? We're not gonna run away.
UU Church of Boulder: No, the sunk cost is so high by this.
Tim Sackton: I mean, what difference does it make if a poly arm gets freed because you diddle around in the desert for weeks.
Mike Sackton: It's not wasting any time. Baldrick is driving for 24 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true!
Eric Rosenbaum: We're going to hop back on the ship. We're just gonna.
Mike Sackton: Teleport back to the ship. We're not wasting any time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: Where did you tell him give? You told him
Tim Sackton: 24 h.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, next morning. So.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: We can long rest. I mean, we can't long rest in the middle of the day, because we just long rested, but we can long rest
Mike Sackton: we can. We can long rest in the evening. Go kill this thing.
Mike Sackton: go teleport down in the early pre-dawn, and then teleport back just around to the point in time at which faldric would start to get worried.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. All right. I I had dimension door
Eric Rosenbaum: back up
Eric Rosenbaum: vertically, as Welby suggests.
Eric Rosenbaum: son, I still have the one
Eric Rosenbaum: spell slot that I can use for the teleport
Eric Rosenbaum: if we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: but.
Mike Sackton: Honestly, shouldn't we? Just shouldn't. We just make camp here and like.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the pitch dark room full of sand.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: wow, we can go back up to the nice room like mark the spot right wherever secret appears, we're gonna mark it.
Mike Sackton: And do we know how how deep you are?
Tim Sackton: You can judge roughly based on the your experiences of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a badger.
Tim Sackton: You might end up.
Tim Sackton: you might end up 5 feet above the ground or something, but that's not that big a deal.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: But you can only take one other person with you when you dimension door.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: You can take more than one.
Mike Sackton: Oh, man, you know what you should have done.
Mike Sackton: We're not. Oh, no, you can't use it. Never mind.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say we could teleport there, but we can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike Sackton: Don't want to.
Mike Sackton: The only.
Eric Rosenbaum: Magic on it, but.
Mike Sackton: You don't want to use your
Mike Sackton: so so 2 of us are gonna have to fight this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Speaker and one other person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean.
Mike Sackton: We could try and dig out, we could do the the portable hole.
Mike Sackton: dig up the sand.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: hold on!
Mike Sackton: Why don't we try and put the stone gold in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: It probably doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smaller.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I resistances.
Tim Sackton: It's small.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's less.
Mike Sackton: Other reason to do that
Mike Sackton: is that we can put
Mike Sackton: to. We put
Mike Sackton: 2 people in the mirror
Mike Sackton: right then dimension door. Somebody can hold the mirror while they're dimension dooring.
Mike Sackton: and then speak the command word to release the 2 people from the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you're gonna get out the portable hole.
Mike Sackton: There's no reason that wouldn't work right. We've done that before we when we were fleeing charter and we hid in the mirror.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and that
Mike Sackton: the only risk is maybe the stone gome smashes the mirror.
UU Church of Boulder: Which it would be really really horrible.
UU Church of Boulder: Like
UU Church of Boulder: we could clairvoyance it in advance.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, you could put a wall of stone to box the stone Golem on one side, while we all clambered out of the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Oh, how big was the room?
Tim Sackton: It's about
Tim Sackton: 20 by 30.
Mike Sackton: So you could cut it in half with wall of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I mean again.
Tim Sackton: Save. That's what failed.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, you're not trying to.
Mike Sackton: No, not
Mike Sackton: box it in.
UU Church of Boulder: Bugs us in.
Mike Sackton: Box Office.
Tim Sackton: UN. I see it right.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't get a save. We're just trying to divide the room in half and not try and box it in right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: And then
Mike Sackton: and then so here's the plan.
Mike Sackton: We
Mike Sackton: pile into the mirror
Mike Sackton: right teleport down.
Mike Sackton: seeker.
Mike Sackton: cast wall of stone
Mike Sackton: to divide the room in half.
Mike Sackton: Then we unmir. We get out of the mirror. Those of us in the mirror
Mike Sackton: get out of the mirror right?
Mike Sackton: And then we dismiss the wall of stone and kill the stone goal.
Mike Sackton: Hey!
UU Church of Boulder: I love it. This may be our last side quest. For a long time.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like a bachelor party or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you spend the day.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And with
UU Church of Boulder: It sounds so pejorative when you say you spend the day.
Tim Sackton: Sitting around waiting.
Tim Sackton: and then you
Tim Sackton: get the
Tim Sackton: mirror out of the portable hole.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes, that's a long rest for everyone.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: portable hole doesn't. Nothing
Tim Sackton: seems to be happening when you spread the black silk out on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Just blasts.
Tim Sackton: No hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the tower has some kind of protection against.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interplanar stuff.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, but we could go back up on the roof.
Mike Sackton: We could.
UU Church of Boulder: And try.
Mike Sackton: That.
UU Church of Boulder: Super freaked out that this is like somehow swapped it out that it's not just a magical protection. So I'm I'm gonna run out the window real quick and just like.
UU Church of Boulder: go outside and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: Spite outside.
UU Church of Boulder: Of.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait. Sorry. So we did actually long rest.
Mike Sackton: Not yet.
Tim Sackton: I assume this is in the evening. You're sort of.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, in the afternoon. We're like, and then let's okay. But here's the thing.
Mike Sackton: Let's test the mirror.
UU Church of Boulder: Right.
UU Church of Boulder: right, so we'll come back inside with the mirror and.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
UU Church of Boulder: Try and put one of us in it.
Tim Sackton: Just a mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey?
Eric Rosenbaum: Where? It's.
UU Church of Boulder: Go! Put put the mirror away again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? So I like fall asleep for like half an hour. We do. We haven't. We haven't captured song yet. No, we killed it. We killed it.
Mike Sackton: The big one.
Tim Sackton: Giant colossus was killed with a series of
Mike Sackton: Della just cast sickening radiants over and over.
Tim Sackton: Until it dies over again until it does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Holy shit! It doesn't have wet.
Mike Sackton: It couldn't move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow that worked. That's.
Tim Sackton: It was badly, it was very damaged.
Tim Sackton: There is a there is a
Tim Sackton: the room filled with sand.
Mike Sackton: Secret turned into a battle.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: had a stone gole, a much smaller stone golem in it, and also 2 chests and a
Tim Sackton: huge number of scrolls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're so close. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now you're trying to get into that room. The only problem is
Tim Sackton: extra dimensional. Portals don't appear to work inside the tower.
Tim Sackton: So there! So the mirror
Tim Sackton: probably can't be used to capture the still going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right unless he can get the stuff.
Tim Sackton: Gold out of the tower somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is the second stone column. Now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. The little one.
Tim Sackton: The small one. This one's only 10 feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so if I do all, if I soul sight and blah blah! How strong is that this guy.
Tim Sackton: this one is like
Tim Sackton: level 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why aren't we just going to? We just go to it. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Because you can only dimension door seeker plus one other person. So it's got so only only 2 of you can go kill it.
Mike Sackton: How do we get 4 people? We're trying to figure out how to get all of us into the room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see.
Mike Sackton: Had a plan with using the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not going to work because the mirror doesn't.
Mike Sackton: And work inside the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it. Okay? Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we can't teleport in there.
Tim Sackton: Could, but then you'd have to rest again, and.
Mike Sackton: We don't. We don't have time to
Mike Sackton: to.
Tim Sackton: Unless you want to teleport
Tim Sackton: with seeker. Having no spell slot.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll see that.
Mike Sackton: We could do that.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to sleep in the room
Tim Sackton: which could be risky.
Tim Sackton: Anything else goes wrong. You're stuck, you have no escape.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. You're saying we could teleport down.
Mike Sackton: This, this.
Tim Sackton: For you long rest.
Mike Sackton: We could teleport this evening, kill it with secret, having no spell slots
Mike Sackton: and then long rest, and then teleport back that night that next morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's the shortest path. Yeah, it's the shortest, simplest way.
Mike Sackton: All eggs, one basket.
Tim Sackton: But if anything bad happens, you have no escape routes. At that point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why why not?
Tim Sackton: Girl will be out of spells.
Mike Sackton: No spell.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: No dimension door, no teleport until he sleeps.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we have a rainbow bridge in case of emergency?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: 7. Day, recharge.
Eric Rosenbaum: We used it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Congress, right, now.
Mike Sackton: Because
Mike Sackton: so the problem is, we don't want to waste 2 days, because then Foderick will panic.
Mike Sackton: So if we one grass now.
Tim Sackton: Only has 1 7th level spell slot, so you can only teleport once per day. Right? So if you teleport into the room.
Mike Sackton: We can't then teleport out of it.
Tim Sackton: You teleport out of the room.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: How many
UU Church of Boulder: dimension doors do we have.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: And hold on! Hold on!
Mike Sackton: Wait, wait, wait! Wait! Wait!
Mike Sackton: Oh, no! To an unoccupied space you can see. Never mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm already out of spell. Slots
Eric Rosenbaum: 4 dimension door right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's just long rest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right now.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Whether 2 people try and kill it by themselves. Seeker and one other person.
Mike Sackton: Either.
Tim Sackton: Fine.
Mike Sackton: We? We have 3 choices. Right? Choice number one is 2. We long rest, and then 2 of us go in seeker plus somebody
Mike Sackton: to fight the thing
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or.
Mike Sackton: Loot the area and then
Mike Sackton: secret dimension doors back
Mike Sackton: out with the other person, and then we all teleport. Right. Choice 2. We teleport in now all 4 of us
Mike Sackton: bite it with seeker having 0 spell slots. He has like 2 second level spells.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And if things go horribly wrong. There's not a teleport to escape
Mike Sackton: right, but we all go.
Mike Sackton: and then we rest in the room after killing the Golem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until.
Mike Sackton: Out in the morning right? I like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Love it.
Mike Sackton: Choice 3 is, we find another way other than
Mike Sackton: Dimension door to get into the room
Mike Sackton: which so far we haven't thought of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't think there is one. Right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could polymorph somebody into a badger that could get 3 of us in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, hell, yeah, 3 of us are good enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was just.
UU Church of Boulder: Going to get the door open.
Mike Sackton: Have to get through the door. Yeah, it doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's tough, right?
Mike Sackton: The badger. We don't again, because you can't open the door because it's all sand. There's too much.
Mike Sackton: I think we just teleport like, what's the worst that happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's do it. We've gone this far.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tpk, all right, let's
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is is a
Eric Rosenbaum: tired and covered with sand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the worst thing that could happen?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to.
UU Church of Boulder: Dig it out easily.
Mike Sackton: No, because the portable hole doesn't work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I will do this teleport plan on one condition
Eric Rosenbaum: that we wait to open the chests until we get them onto the ship.
Mike Sackton: Bear, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we? Are we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we test out there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the teleport with the all, the all the loop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully, we'll just be able to carry everything. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blew. It started.
Eric Rosenbaum: Level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't we just like open? Why can't we just physically get in there? Why do we have the telephone dimension door.
Tim Sackton: It's it's beneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Tim Sackton: So there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is. It's the famous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sand.
Tim Sackton: Tower. So it's completely filled with sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's like a 20 foot tall sealed room that's completely filled with sand, the only there's no windows. The only reason this room is clear is because there's interior stone walls blocking this particular.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Do we?
Mike Sackton: How deep
Mike Sackton: was the
Mike Sackton: was the room? Do we know
Mike Sackton: you speak.
Tim Sackton: It's about
Tim Sackton: 30 or 40 feet below the level of the ground, but you don't really know it's 2 floors down, so there's the. There's the colossus floor that went down one floor to the like stand pouring in the windows floor.
Mike Sackton: Offset right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Then there's 1 more floor down below that
Tim Sackton: that seeker badger
Tim Sackton: clogged through, and then there's the basement level. So that's where you're.
Mike Sackton: Before during the afternoon before we long rest. The one thing I want to do is see
Mike Sackton: how far down can I see with ghostly gaze.
Mike Sackton: Can I see into the room.
Mike Sackton: And what if we dig a little like?
Mike Sackton: I'll you know.
Mike Sackton: gig
Mike Sackton: a little bit down in the sand so that I can get I mean again. I'm not trying to like.
Mike Sackton: I'm just trying to get to the point where I can see the room.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: where is where does
Tim Sackton: I need to look at ghostly gaze again? It feels like a text you can throw in.
Mike Sackton: You can see through solid objects to the range of 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I've usually, I think we've usually interpreted it as
Mike Sackton: I mean if the wall is, it's not like your vision magically stops.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So if my dark vision goes out to 60 feet, right?
Mike Sackton: So the way we've usually done it. If there's a 10 foot wall and blackness. On the other side
Mike Sackton: I can still see 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Do the Y.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The ceiling of the room is more than 30 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Even if I dig down
Mike Sackton: as much as I can
Mike Sackton: like, I'll spend the afternoon digging. I know it's tricky to like
Mike Sackton: dig with sand.
Tim Sackton: But very so.
Tim Sackton: The problem is that where the the room is not in the same, so you'd be. You can dig down like where the stairs are, but the room is not in the same.
Tim Sackton: It's not directly below the stairs.
Tim Sackton: so you'd have to be able to like you. Just there's not really a practical way to excavate
Mike Sackton: But we don't know if the ground we don't really have any sense of. If you were in the room
Mike Sackton: looking
Mike Sackton: up
Mike Sackton: towards the base of the sand. Would you be able to see the ground.
Tim Sackton: No, you wouldn't. You're quite under.
Mike Sackton: Pretty far under.
Tim Sackton: Like, remember, there was like 50 feet of the tower buried right
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, on this.
Tim Sackton: This is like the basement. So this is like this is that the room is like 50. The the room itself is like 50 feet below where you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if we teleport in, fill the column, how do we get out with all the stuff you said like, hold it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to be.
Mike Sackton: We sleep. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We speak, and then we we hold all the stuff and teleport out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we don't open it there. I I agree we don't open it. There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's fucking. Do it. What the fuck else are we doing here? Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: I know, agreed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker seeker stands up wearily.
Eric Rosenbaum: He begins using the last of his upper level magical spells to cast a teleport spell.
Mike Sackton: So we are short, resting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. You're sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Tim Sackton: I would say, this is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just there, so it's very familiar.
Tim Sackton: I would, I think, very familiar, is fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's still possible that something could go wrong. Oh, my God! I forgot about this fact. But we're committed. We're doing this.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I cast teleport
Eric Rosenbaum: and now I have to roll A. D. 100. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! So if it's below 5, it's a mishap. Alright! Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: 70.
Tim Sackton: On top.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would have.
Tim Sackton: On target, no matter what seeker is quite good at this teleporting thing. Actually.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm just doing. I'm just doing
Tim Sackton: Do whatever short rest stuff you want to do
Tim Sackton: and then role initiative.
Mike Sackton: This is where's rule 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a ridiculous session, you guys.
Tim Sackton: This this is this is quite amusing.
Tim Sackton: okay, Sneaker.
UU Church of Boulder: Slift. Did you say.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: There we go!
Tim Sackton: darwind and Kenzo initiative.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I was just dealing with
Mike Sackton: recovering my hit points. Okay.
Mike Sackton: really bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry my my computer had had died, but it just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: came back. Can somebody roll for me, or just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just give me a second to sign in all the things again.
Mike Sackton: 18, plus whatever your plus is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, his is like, plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on!
Tim Sackton: It's high. Kenzo is going to be first.st
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: What was dealt with was, Where do you roll, Mike? 4.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Tim Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
Tim Sackton: So you all appear.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, getting the jump on this stone creature as it begins to
Tim Sackton: move towards you. So there's a i don't have a map for this. It's a 20 by 30 foot room. We'll just do
Tim Sackton: deep of the mind, I think.
Tim Sackton: on the left hand side. So there's the door right behind you, where you appear on the left hand side. There's this
Tim Sackton: stone shelf that has a whole bunch of scroll like
Tim Sackton: 50 or a hundred scroll cubbies in it.
Tim Sackton: but the scrolls all look very fragile.
Tim Sackton: On the right side there are 2 large stone chests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did we? short rest.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10.
Tim Sackton: So gets the jump on the stone column.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he have a A. What's his? What's what are his weaknesses
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: best? At worst, at.
Tim Sackton: He's
Tim Sackton: bad at intelligence and charisma.
Tim Sackton: immune to charmed exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, and poisoned
Tim Sackton: also poison and psychic damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. I will, aura, strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so.
Tim Sackton: As though rushes forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1st staff. Attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep!
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only 7 damage. But he's got to make a Christmas save.
Tim Sackton: And that's a failure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. Yeah, he's charmed.
Mike Sackton: Didn't he, Tim? Just say he's immune to charm.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to charm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait! But no, he's.
Mike Sackton: Stunned.
Mike Sackton: is charmed by.
Tim Sackton: To charm exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, and poison. You can try and stun him, but he's got a good con, save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do, I'll do Spanish instead.
Tim Sackton: 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I can only do that. I can only do that once per track.
Tim Sackton: You can do that once. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, well, I'm just gonna attack him a lot. Then.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Oh, sorry. Next attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'm gonna do 2 on 2 unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 18. Heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is just pummeling into the stone of this creature, Chips flying.
Tim Sackton: you know, just from that it's fairly hurt, but it steps forward, and again this, like
Tim Sackton: slow or
Tim Sackton: spreads across all of you. Everybody has to make a wisdom saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, 23.
Mike Sackton: 21.
UU Church of Boulder: 17.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I keep clicking on the thing, and nothing.
Tim Sackton: World 20. Nobody is affected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are too wise for that.
Tim Sackton: That's turn. Well, the Europe.
UU Church of Boulder: I will take steady aim and shoot it, and I'll throw on a cunning strike trip.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: so here goes.
Tim Sackton: 16
Tim Sackton: missed out 28 hits.
UU Church of Boulder: So damage is going to be
UU Church of Boulder: that minus one is the last die of the sneak attack. So that's 28 damage, and then a DC. 18 Dex. Check to
UU Church of Boulder: avoid being prone.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Lobby's arrow strikes it on its foot, and it falls over.
Mike Sackton: Does. Is there any advantage to attacking a prone creature.
Tim Sackton: You have advantage.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: If you're within 5 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think I read?
Tim Sackton: Seekers. Sorry how much damage was that
Tim Sackton: Schwarz.
UU Church of Boulder: 1, 27.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: says.
Mike Sackton: Seeker, see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chance. Is there any chance that to spill magic would turn it from being a Golem into no longer a Golem.
Tim Sackton: Probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: In that case I will try
Eric Rosenbaum: just shooting it with catapult.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll fire a rock at it.
Tim Sackton: sorry. One sec. Pro name.
Mike Sackton: Disabled.
Tim Sackton: 18 deck save
Tim Sackton: It's bad at ducks.
Tim Sackton: It fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: That takes.
Tim Sackton: 24 bludgeoning damage has this.
Tim Sackton: stone crashes into it.
Tim Sackton: okay, okay. That brings up
Tim Sackton: Dallas.
Mike Sackton: I'll step forward and attack it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's hold on. Actually, I'm going to
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: now just attack it. That's 9
Mike Sackton: second attack.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Indie. Beyond won't roll my right damage for some reason.
Mike Sackton: At 14.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm also going to on that attack. I'm going to.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I'll do one more attack.
Mike Sackton: We'll live dangerously. One more attack.
Mike Sackton: Same run all 3. Okay, on this one. I'm going to smite it.
Mike Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: that's 19 damage. So I've.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So that's 19 damage. And then I'm doing a banishing smite.
Tim Sackton: that would send it. That would open a portal to send it to an extra planner place
Tim Sackton: which does not happen. It also does do the extra damage.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I'm doing it for the damage. It's my most damaging smite. Not because it's
Mike Sackton: it does.
Mike Sackton: And what is it
Mike Sackton: vanishing.
Tim Sackton: 28 extra damage.
Mike Sackton: 5 d 10 damage. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Tim Sackton: So as you strike, you can see
Tim Sackton: with normally. When Dell would pass the spell it would
Tim Sackton: banish the target. But
Tim Sackton: the magic of this tower preventing any extra planner
Tim Sackton: contact prevents that, but it still does quite a bit of damage, and the Golem shakes
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo rushes forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'm gonna do some I'm gonna do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna do another
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stunning strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So see? Oh, no. 17.
Tim Sackton: 17
Tim Sackton: just heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13. Damage consent him.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wow! 13 damage comes in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of nice.
Tim Sackton: So with that punch it falls over backwards, cracks in half.
Tim Sackton: And now there is a stone Golem lying on the floor of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, everybody.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: We decided, right?
UU Church of Boulder: All right! Open up those chests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's open them up all right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not you guys.
Mike Sackton: Are this? Okay?
Mike Sackton: Detect magic.
Mike Sackton: Anything magical?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Without doing any. No diagnostics. Let's just open them and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: The moment. The only thing you can see that's magical is the
Tim Sackton: walls of the tower.
Mike Sackton: So the scrolls I want to without touching them. Look through all the look at all the scrolls or any. They're they're not.
Mike Sackton: There's no magic scrolls here. It's it's.
Tim Sackton: There are no magic schools.
Mike Sackton: It's like a history of drink, war, or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it? What what is it? What.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not not even worth looking at, probably.
Mike Sackton: I'm pretty curious. I'm trying to think. What would we? Let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! What are what's on the scrolls.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're worried. They're going to crumble if we touch them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Archie.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we could.
Mike Sackton: Try to.
Mike Sackton: I don't really have any good spells, for, like gentle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: may chance, but there's no reason to think it's any really any any more gentle than
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically, whoever's whoever's most dexterous should very carefully try to
Eric Rosenbaum: stack them all up for us to carry onto the ship. And then we're going to lose half of them, and that's.
Mike Sackton: Can I can? I read the inside of it with ghostly gaze.
Tim Sackton: Great, excellent.
Mike Sackton: Pray, old school.
Tim Sackton: Because it it's not extra. It makes things. It lets you look through solid objects to see what's on the other side, not to see what's inside them.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys saw that they they managed to to read some scrolls from Pompeii right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I see.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I saw this.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just likes ash so cool.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened? What'd you do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't do it, I mean, but some they basically use like a combination of Ct scanning and machine learning to actually like
Eric Rosenbaum: read what was on these scrolls that were rolled up and then burned to the cinder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was a library.
Tim Sackton: Near Pompeii. That was where that was so hot from the eruption that the
Tim Sackton: scrolls it stored in the library didn't burn.
Tim Sackton: They instantly carbonized.
Tim Sackton: so you can still read them. The problem is, you cannot unroll them, because as soon as you try and unroll them, they that's that's actually where I got the idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr.
Tim Sackton: So you.
Mike Sackton: Machine learning and Cs.
Tim Sackton: Machine learning, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that. We have magic. Let's let's do. Let's do that. Let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scan them somehow.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's like a hundred 500 like there's a ton of scrolls here right.
Tim Sackton: There's like there's like a hundred ish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can't touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: Well, we don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we can.
Mike Sackton: Fetch them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cut it gently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The thing.
Mike Sackton: Well, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: gently floated out with mage hand and see.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: One.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna try that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is.
Tim Sackton: 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
Tim Sackton: Are you doing?
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna try to gently manipulate one with my chance to load it away from the wall.
Tim Sackton: Make
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: dexterity check, or I guess a charisma check
Tim Sackton: just straight charisma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charisma.
Tim Sackton: Because you're manipulating magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: 14.
Tim Sackton: Disintegrates.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no inspiration, inspiration! What the fuck.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: What is it? One d. 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Monday, 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you all want?
Tim Sackton: 20.
Mike Sackton: For.
Tim Sackton: Managed to gently pull one scroll out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: What's on it?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're trying.
Tim Sackton: Like, unroll it. Yeah. And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't, don't just wait, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just trying to hold it so we can get back to the ship. Don't unroll it.
Mike Sackton: I can only hold one at a time. We're just gonna bring this one scroll back to the ship. Make sure we last for a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't sneeze! Don't laugh.
UU Church of Boulder: Nope! Nobody breathed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Wait! What was the plan? How are we gonna get these these.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what you don't have.
Mike Sackton: Plan.
UU Church of Boulder: It was Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking the fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. You guys figured out I'm going to sleep so that I can get us out of here.
Mike Sackton: Good plan. How heavy are the chests we picked up.
Tim Sackton: They're made of stone.
Tim Sackton: Every single one of you has an 8 strength.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: None of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Mike Sackton: We're gonna have to open the chest speaker. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, I have to stop.
UU Church of Boulder: Slave for like 5 or 7 min here. But
UU Church of Boulder: 2 things I want to do is probably just take a very thorough, careful look around the room to see if there's anything that's being missed, and then maybe I'll check for traps on the chest. Also.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean, before you go. Can you give me an investigation and a perception check.
UU Church of Boulder: Here is investigation.
UU Church of Boulder: there is perception.
Mike Sackton: What I can do with ghostly gaze is, look and see what's inside the chests.
Tim Sackton: That is true.
Mike Sackton: What is inside the chests.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: let me. So
Tim Sackton: let me just get.
Mike Sackton: Well, these perception. First, st yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's searching the room and looking for traps. Yeah, where seeker is like, just basically go like curled up by the body of the stone Golem like
Tim Sackton: you're gonna you're gonna get your rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: I never did the stone sense thing. I don't know if that's worth doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could just say I don't see anything.
Tim Sackton: There's not. There's no unworked, there's nothing to really find that's not. This isn't like you know. There's no unworked metal or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: dealt with is
Tim Sackton: ghostly. You're detecting. You're ghostly gazing.
Mike Sackton: I mean. First, st I'll detect I need to detect magic first.st That takes 10 min, then I'll ghostly case when I'm done with the technique.
Tim Sackton: Kenza is Kenza doing anything while everybody's kind of searching around just off guard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On my doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, checking for other
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consciousness, or or others around.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: absolutely nothing living anywhere you can. Sense or even no constructs. It's like the deadest you've ever
Tim Sackton: reached out to find
Tim Sackton: the world.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Darwind looks into the 2 chests. One chest.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that seems to be in it is a single book.
Tim Sackton: no title on the cover
Tim Sackton: unmarked.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: rapture!
Tim Sackton: It's magical. It's definitely magical.
Tim Sackton: and it's it's locked like it's got, you know, a
Tim Sackton: like metal bindings over some elaborate cover that's then locked so that
Tim Sackton: the.
Mike Sackton: Demons can't get out.
Tim Sackton: Book is locked.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Tim Sackton: The other chest has
Tim Sackton: 4 scrolls.
Tim Sackton: All magical.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: a series of what looks like
Tim Sackton: it's like
Tim Sackton: it's like silvery inks and blank paper, and it seems like, maybe in
Tim Sackton: materials for making scrolls something like that. These are also
Tim Sackton: lightly magical. This is like reminiscent of that, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, prepped for making a scroll.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: That you got at the Bishma monastery a long time ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Welby warns you that
Tim Sackton: at least the
Tim Sackton: the chest with the scrolls seems like it might be protected by some ward. He's not sure what, but he notices some like little really small, marked Arcane single, near the lock. It is also locked
Tim Sackton: there. This there's nothing else, I mean. This seems like it was a
Tim Sackton: you know. It's like a
Tim Sackton: a storeroom of some kind. It seems like it's
Tim Sackton: nothing else here, though. Besides the 2 chests, and the
Tim Sackton: and the scrolls.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, just let's just remember this. And this is the sessions being recorded
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as much time as we're spending doing this shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This. It's all, gonna it's all gonna pay get paid back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the like. The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gonna be the the critical thing that we need in the critical moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the final balance. Pollyan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Undoubtedly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We glad that we into that desert basement.
Mike Sackton: One of these spell scrolls can be super powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None of these are. You think they will do.
Mike Sackton: One of them is, Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, one of the.
Mike Sackton: These are good spell scrolls, I bet. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're gonna save our ass. It's in critical time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Let's break. Let's let's break into it. I I say, we just trigger it and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: Okay, everybody step far away, Kenzo. Go for it.
Tim Sackton: Really space to step that far away. The room is only 20 by 30.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, let's not open anything until after the teleport until Bill, until the long rest has happened. Right? So we can just.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think we I think we rest.
Mike Sackton: and I mean.
Mike Sackton: probably we just leave the scrolls
Mike Sackton: right here
Mike Sackton: and come back
Mike Sackton: some other time.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is no other time.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean not the magical. We take the magic, obviously, but the wall of scrolls right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like if we want to capture any of the history.
Eric Rosenbaum: we better just
Eric Rosenbaum: just yeah.
Mike Sackton: Try and read it, and let 3 quarters of them disintegrate.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering if Riswin could like fix them all with mending, or some other kind of magic. If we came back
Mike Sackton: later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like after we kill a polyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't like remove the entire case holding them because it's stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's what we need to.
Mike Sackton: Could be like.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's it would be nice to like at least see some of the words on one of the scrolls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, because if it's just like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can try and enroll one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll just try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because, you know, if it's like Gollum, you know, recipe for like oatmeal.
Mike Sackton: The one I took out with Magent. I will
Mike Sackton: try to unroll it a little bit enough that I can at least see
Mike Sackton: the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't.
Mike Sackton: A few sentences right?
Tim Sackton: It seems to be
Tim Sackton: a poem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: One you're familiar with.
Mike Sackton: It's in drink. Orient.
Tim Sackton: It's in. It's in drink, Orion.
Mike Sackton: It's some guys
Mike Sackton: ancient library.
Mike Sackton: right? Like
Mike Sackton: some of them might be valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. So if you're able to pick it up and not disintegrate it, maybe pick up another one and see if it's.
Mike Sackton: And I'll try another one. Why not?
Tim Sackton: Make another charisma, check.
Mike Sackton: As a 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no fucking. Do the thing.
Mike Sackton: Inspiration. Well.
Tim Sackton: 15 succeeds.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what is this one.
Tim Sackton: another poem.
Mike Sackton: Try.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna try one more. Oh, that one disintegrates.
Tim Sackton: That one disintegrates.
Mike Sackton: Well, I could. I could inspire right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Prior, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can do an inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Grace, now.
Mike Sackton: 15 that succeeds.
Tim Sackton: That doesn't integrate
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This one seems to be the
Tim Sackton: the like opening of a play.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a literary library.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was actually pretty interested in the literary stuff, but thinks maybe we should come back
Mike Sackton: like it seems fascinating to read some of these old drink quarry, and
Mike Sackton: plays and things, but like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if there are Polyon's personal like things that he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That are like.
Mike Sackton: Do any of us know
Mike Sackton: I want to like, try and write a few bits down, or like, try and memorize, or like copy a few, a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The idea being
Mike Sackton: do any of us know anything about? I don't think Delhith really does about literary history. Are these like
Mike Sackton: predate? Do we have any way of?
Mike Sackton: We'd have to like? Ask around, I assume.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't. I think even seekers historical knowledge does not really stretch to
Tim Sackton: drink or poems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have our, we have our whole research team, our whole. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you you make copies of.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how long you want to spend doing this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting. We got ton of time.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I just
Mike Sackton: I don't know what the risk of disintegration per item is right? Like, I'll do 3 or 4.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's a
Tim Sackton: it's a DC 15 check seeker is gonna run out of inspiration quite quickly. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Tim Sackton: But that means you've got a 50% chance for each item. That one's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Working on.
Mike Sackton: Well, but hold on, I can. I can
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: I can fix one failure with my
Mike Sackton: favor of the gods.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it's worth it, but I'll fix it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: okay, so I'm doing 6.
Mike Sackton: And I succeeded in all 6 of them.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so with 6, you you ha! You start to get a sense of this library like, it's definitely a literary collection like it's, it's it's poems and plays
Tim Sackton: so far that all that you've uncovered.
Tim Sackton: it's a
Tim Sackton: 4 of the 6 are in Drankorian.
Tim Sackton: 2 are in elvish.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! Do we want to take one out to show to the mirror?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess we can show the the magic book to the mirror. That might be better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: At
Mike Sackton: the magic book or the lenses. You still have the cool lenses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: alright, but.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I can try again to.
Mike Sackton: If we
Mike Sackton: we'd have to like
Mike Sackton: before we teleport.
Mike Sackton: I'll try again to pick one up with my chance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The sturdiest one that you've picked up 6 of them already, you know which one is 31 pick up the 31.
Mike Sackton: There you go is one of these particularly sturdy.
Tim Sackton: Yes, one of one of there's a there's 1 that's a long sort of epic poem that's fairly sturdy.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Will bring that one with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we'll show that one to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And or the other things. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So it's literary. But we don't know how.
Tim Sackton: Roles are all like works of literary. They're like poems and epics and plays and things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a it's a written by Apolly on. But when he was a ghost writer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so let's
Tim Sackton: Own chests, both of which are too heavy.
Tim Sackton: Brand new Week.
Mike Sackton: We gotta open them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but we're doing it after.
Mike Sackton: Wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait! Hold on!
Mike Sackton: Couldn't! Oh, he can't cast spells. Polymorph! Never mind, I was gonna say, oh, wait could seeker polymorph, one of us.
Mike Sackton: into a super strong something.
Mike Sackton: and then pick up the chest. The super strong person would pick up the chest, and then we teleport back to the ship as the follow dwarf.
UU Church of Boulder: I am very good at opening chests and disarming chests. I.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo volunteered to take the blast.
Mike Sackton: That one will stay far away.
UU Church of Boulder: Detect magic on them.
UU Church of Boulder: They're.
Tim Sackton: The the chests.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so
Tim Sackton: one chest, which
Tim Sackton: as far as
Tim Sackton: while we could see, anyway, didn't seem to be trapped, but is locked.
Tim Sackton: has inside it a magic book.
Tim Sackton: the other chest, which does seem to be trapped
Tim Sackton: with well, while we noticed, like a little Arcane sort of
Tim Sackton: sigil, very small, faint writing near the lock.
Tim Sackton: which you presume is some kind of magic trap.
Tim Sackton: that one had 4 scrolls in it, plus what seemed like scrollmaking or magic writing supplies. Also all magical.
Tim Sackton: Both of the chests are quite heavy, like, they're yeah hundreds of pounds.
Tim Sackton: Their cells.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you open the not trapped 1 1.st
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. Yeah. After this is after the long rest.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, yes.
UU Church of Boulder: Tim, there's nothing else in the room. There's no other like
UU Church of Boulder: secret doors or.
Tim Sackton: No secret doors, I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah, it's
Tim Sackton: It's not. There's nothing like particularly hidden or strange about the room. It seems like it was pretty
Tim Sackton: open. It's like a store, a storeroom for the library.
Tim Sackton: okay, so this you're gonna open the magic
Tim Sackton: the magic book one.
Tim Sackton: It is locked.
UU Church of Boulder: I will use these tools to open it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: What was that dex plus proficiency.
Tim Sackton: X plus proficiency.
Tim Sackton: But you're proficient in these rules, right? So you can't can't roll lower than a 10.
UU Church of Boulder: So that's a 21.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Mike Sackton: Rebuild.
UU Church of Boulder: The one.
Mike Sackton: People.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, you reroll the one. And then, okay, so that's a 22.
UU Church of Boulder: 22.
Tim Sackton: So while B bends down and is working a little bit on the lock and
Tim Sackton: you hear the click as the lock opens, and then
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: as you push the lid open, you also hear a whooshing sound.
Tim Sackton: as all the air in the room
Tim Sackton: vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Tim Sackton: Like a trap you didn't notice
Tim Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: All the air in the room vanishes. So now we can't breathe. Is that where you're going with this.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys waited till after I was awake. Right? Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Long rested.
UU Church of Boulder: Piece of cake.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll telepathically say, grab the stuff from this one. I'm gonna open the other, and then we'll teleport on out of here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you've got like, I don't know who's the
Tim Sackton: you all have a plus 2 con, right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you have 3 min before you're suffocating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plenty of time.
UU Church of Boulder: Don't even need to rush.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: This one is trapped, you know. There's a little arcane signal on it.
Tim Sackton: Can we just.
Mike Sackton: Dispel magic.
Tim Sackton: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Speaker to spell magic on the
Tim Sackton: What can I catch this.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 6,
Eric Rosenbaum: 6, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right, cast it as highest as we can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spell, magic.
Tim Sackton: That's going to make you
Tim Sackton: It has the spell. Magic has verbal components right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So seeker is going to be. Let me just double check with the suffocate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can still talk about reading.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm doing it right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're reading, talking.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so
Tim Sackton: I'm not even.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think I'm alone.
Tim Sackton: Generally the way. So the
Tim Sackton: generally D and d rules
Tim Sackton: so you can hold your breath for minutes equal to one plus your commod.
Tim Sackton: When you run out of breath, you have
Tim Sackton: rounds equal to your con MoD before you
Tim Sackton: suffocate and drop the 0 hit points.
Tim Sackton: casting a spell is, gonna expend some number of the minutes in which you're holding your breath.
Tim Sackton: Not all of them.
Tim Sackton: So you're not in any immediate danger.
Mike Sackton: That's fine!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No magic.
Tim Sackton: So at 6th Level, you said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: trap is dispelled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank God, you got it!
UU Church of Boulder: I'm gonna open the.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Make another lock. Picking check.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Is this an ability check?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it is. I'll cast guidance.
Mike Sackton: But I'll use subtle spell.
Mike Sackton: So it does not actually require verbal components.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
UU Church of Boulder: What is good.
Mike Sackton: 4. Add Wendy, 4.
Tim Sackton: That's a 10 plus Wendy 4.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration require me to speak.
UU Church of Boulder: That's
UU Church of Boulder: 23 altogether.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22 should be 22.
Tim Sackton: 23 opens it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: 22,
Tim Sackton: and this one you've dispelled the trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's get the shit and and go. It's fine.
UU Church of Boulder: Get out of here.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kath
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker uses the last of his remaining breath to cast.
Mike Sackton: Help!
Eric Rosenbaum: Teleports.
Tim Sackton: Roll call
Tim Sackton: at Wendy a hundred.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right!
Tim Sackton: Now you have a piece of Vindersharna, but Vindersharna has travelled quite a bit from
Tim Sackton: where you
Tim Sackton: last, so this downgrades it from
Tim Sackton: associated object to very familiar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: Fact that it's moving pushes it one down the chain so very familiar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a minute. This
Eric Rosenbaum: this could be really, really.
Mike Sackton: With your role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it 5 or.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't. I didn't really yet, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is it 5? Or what do you have to roll? It's it's more dramatic.
Tim Sackton: One d. 100.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know. But what's the number you have to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well anything below.
Tim Sackton: A 25.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, 24 or below will be off target. We will not be on the ship. We'll be in the open desert somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything we can do to improve my chances here.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: unless you want to meet your last chance viewers die. But that's probably not
Tim Sackton: the best use of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, but it's odds are not amazing. Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: They're not great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we.
UU Church of Boulder: Those are not terrible.
Tim Sackton: No, it's very familiar. You've got a 3 in 4 chance of succeeding.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also just out of breath here.
Eric Rosenbaum: No problem. What could possibly go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a 27.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Police.
Tim Sackton: Sweet, but you succeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For Adele.
UU Church of Boulder: No, not never. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: And you appear on the surface of Vindersharna
Tim Sackton: above a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Longer!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Is like pacing back and forth, having an argument with
Tim Sackton: No, I guess Heather is gone, so he's like he's like standing like. Yes, give him. He's like saying, Give him 30 more minutes, I know they'll be back
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: to almost like.
Tim Sackton: are you sure?
Tim Sackton: And then you appear, and he's like I told you.
Tim Sackton: No problem, hey? We're flying over a jungle now. Was that supposed to happen.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: It's all good.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're all like covered in sand, holding piles of weird magic stuff.
Tim Sackton: Where did you? Okay, great. I'm just gonna keep us flying. I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Job.
Tim Sackton: He's like staring at intently at the book.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't. Don't worry about that.
Tim Sackton: What did you find?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what did.
Mike Sackton: Be fined.
Mike Sackton: Can you identify it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Here. Look, Faldrick, we got we found these lenses. Can you figure out how to assemble them into a
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of useful thing?
Tim Sackton: See
Tim Sackton: like holds it.
Tim Sackton: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: That's quite impressive.
Tim Sackton: fascinating. Where did you?
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I only knew.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I think I can definitely do something with this. I gotta
Tim Sackton: dig back through my notes. You know.
Tim Sackton: There was a
Tim Sackton: telescope maker in
Tim Sackton: Sambara
Tim Sackton: dwarf I had heard of
Tim Sackton: they were. They would be perfect for this. I I got them. Maybe I can write to them and
Tim Sackton: ask about their designs. If we could figure out just how to set this up right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what do you think it would let us do?
Tim Sackton: Well, see quite far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they're magical lenses, aren't they?
Eric Rosenbaum: These aren't. This isn't just optics. We're talking about.
Tim Sackton: I think we have to experiment.
Tim Sackton: but magical lenses let might let you see
Tim Sackton: a distance that a normal eye could not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed
Eric Rosenbaum: see what you can do aboard the ship, because we're
Eric Rosenbaum: We might want to.
Tim Sackton: Need a way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Useful sooner rather than later.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, okay.
Tim Sackton: And he like completely ignores the fact that he was just flying the ship and goes to work in his workshop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'll take over flying the ship.
Tim Sackton: Well, it keeps going straight as long as you're just yeah
Tim Sackton: bad.
Tim Sackton: The book
Tim Sackton: you cast identify on it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It is a manual of stone golems.
Mike Sackton: What is that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Like that one we took out.
Mike Sackton: Create a standalone.
Tim Sackton: A stone. Golem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Now it takes
Tim Sackton: 90 days and 80,000 gold worth of supplies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was all worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, no!
Tim Sackton: So to help you immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man. We have 80,000 gold.
Tim Sackton: Is, though.
Mike Sackton: We don't have 90 days.
Tim Sackton: Takes 90 days of work and 80,000 gold worth of supplies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but 90 days! In what dimension.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like the way you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: But no, we don't know we I don't think we can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No seriously like. If we were on the Feywild, could we do 90 days in the Feywild with 80,000 gold, and then make a goal in there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But then you might come back. 2 years later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or one day later.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no, let's do this after we kill Napoleon.
Mike Sackton: I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. Wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't you think this we should figure out how to use? Like, I feel like, I feel, okay. Okay. Alright. Well, let's do identify the scrolls, at least. What are the scrolls? What are the magic scrolls.
Tim Sackton: Okay, there's there are 4 schools.
Tim Sackton: I just wrote down 4 spells. I didn't decide what spells they were. They are all spells.
Tim Sackton: There are some good spells and some
Tim Sackton: spells that you don't know how to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's kind.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, one is
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna pick some random wizard spells here.
Tim Sackton: One is reverse gravity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that like for everyone, everywhere.
Tim Sackton: here's the spell. It's not a
Tim Sackton: it's only a wizard. It's not a barred spell, so I don't think anybody can use the scroll particularly.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can try. But if it's not on your list
Tim Sackton: I think technically, you can't use. You can't use scrolls that are not on your list.
Tim Sackton: one is.
Tim Sackton: Wait!
Mike Sackton: I could guess that.
Mike Sackton: Do you have to? You don't have to have swaps, do you?
Tim Sackton: Is that on the war that's not on the Warlock list, is it?
Mike Sackton: Sorcerer, sorcerer.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you could cast it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: One is.
Tim Sackton: Let's pick another random one here.
Tim Sackton: Oswal.
Tim Sackton: So that's
Tim Sackton: that, I think is
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: Seekers
Tim Sackton: class
Tim Sackton: list. One is
Tim Sackton: private sanctum.
Tim Sackton: and one is.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: None of us can cast private sync them.
Mike Sackton: That's pretty useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we're gonna need that in battle against Pollyan.
Mike Sackton: Now, the nice thing about private sanctum is you cannot.
Mike Sackton: It's completely worded. You can't no plan or travel, no.
Tim Sackton: And one is sending
Tim Sackton: Sandy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't we cash cash privacy.
Mike Sackton: A wizard. It's only a wizard.
Tim Sackton: It's a wizard, only spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it. Nope, we can't use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? I have to.
Mike Sackton: You have to have the spell to cast the spell.
Tim Sackton: To have the spout, the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have to have the spell to be able to use this role.
Tim Sackton: So if the spell is on your so
Tim Sackton: if you if you have, if you have a scroll and the spell is on your classes spell list.
Tim Sackton: You can read the scroll and cast the spell without providing material components
Tim Sackton: if it's on your class list, but a higher level than you can normally cast. You have to make an ability check
Tim Sackton: using your spell casting ability modifier, to determine if you succeed in casting it.
Mike Sackton: Right, so I'd have to make a check to cast the 7 phones. Oh.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: so seeker can chaos passwall, and sending
Tim Sackton: nobody can cast private sanctum and
Tim Sackton: deal with, can cast reverse gravity. There are also
Tim Sackton: materials that would allow you to scribe
Tim Sackton: all prepared, would allow you to scribe with
Tim Sackton: a day's work.
Tim Sackton: Up to 3 spells
Tim Sackton: of up to 3rd level
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: one spell up up to 5th Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's of any kind.
Mike Sackton: It has to be a spell, we know, presumably.
Tim Sackton: It has to be a spell, you know.
Mike Sackton: But that could be useful.
UU Church of Boulder: Definitely.
Mike Sackton: Like Dimension door. I mean utility spells that that
Mike Sackton: right like we, we should think about that. I I kind of want to go to bed
Mike Sackton: instead of deciding tonight. But
Mike Sackton: we should scribe some scrolls while we.
Mike Sackton: because we're still a little ways away from the.
Tim Sackton: you are. You are now maybe 10 h to go from the
Tim Sackton: from the well, I don't know. I assume you are currently just on the course, for where the jade used to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, but where did it? And it went into a storm or something.
Tim Sackton: It went into a storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the heck.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But if you're if you're still traveling, if you're still trying to get to where the jade used to be.
Tim Sackton: you have maybe
Tim Sackton: 8 to 10 h of travel.
Tim Sackton: so you will arrive
Tim Sackton: this afternoon. It's like 6 and 6 30 in the morning. Right now. You don't arrive by.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: 2.
Mike Sackton: We could also save scribing until we have the jade, and perhaps some things that would be useful against the Polyon.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's scribing.
Mike Sackton: While making these bell scrolls like having.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Making a bunch of spous rolls seems quite useful, because.
Mike Sackton: especially for going into like
Mike Sackton: an extended period where we're not likely to get rests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see. Yeah, right?
Mike Sackton: Like, especially seeker. And riswin
Mike Sackton: describing, yeah, stuff could be quite useful.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Backup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something else right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like happened yesterday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that was.
Eric Rosenbaum: And but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Driving stuff in the things.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there was a kit, basically of, make your own space.
Tim Sackton: There's a make your own spell cat, basically make your own scroll cat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many scrolls we make.
Tim Sackton: You can make 4, 3 can be up the 3rd level, one can be up to 5th level.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And with the kit, each one only takes 8 h of work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then what's the deal with the lenses again?
Tim Sackton: You can make a telescope with them.
Tim Sackton: presumably one that's somewhat better than Welby's crappy spyglass. That doesn't let you see very far at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's got tall.
Tim Sackton: Around, with that.
Mike Sackton: Like a a proper telescope.
Tim Sackton: Proper telescope that that's, you know, 10 x magnification or something.
Mike Sackton: Which we want to mount, and let us investigate the ground from film to Sharna quite carefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, did you expect us to spend this entire session doing that? One thing.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: but what.
Mike Sackton: You expect us to do? I'm actually really curious.
Tim Sackton: Honestly.
Tim Sackton: and 100% improvise that entire thing. I just had a random note in my
Tim Sackton: invite
Tim Sackton: travel description. Oh, there's a white marble tower below you.
UU Church of Boulder: That's amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we had instead investigated that the the weird little lake, with tiny creatures going up to it, we would have had a different, totally improvised adventure.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait? Where was a little? Where was the lake?
Tim Sackton: The very first.st The 1st night, as the sun was setting, there was like a shimmering, shallow lake below you with tiny creatures. Now, if you had a. If you had had your telescope, you could have looked at those tiny creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now we do have a telescope.
Tim Sackton: Well, you gotta make
Tim Sackton: but yes, you'll eventually have a telescope now before we wrap up
Tim Sackton: over the next. The course of the next few hours you fly on Vindasharna
Tim Sackton: until you reach
Tim Sackton: what looks like the
Tim Sackton: the so
Tim Sackton: you can see
Tim Sackton: where from where you are now.
Tim Sackton: These. This is like jungle with these red sandstone cliffs, and you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: Up above. Looking down, you can see the
Tim Sackton: as the ship comes to a halt
Tim Sackton: you can see the cave where presumably the jade once was
Tim Sackton: can also see maybe 10 miles distance, the ocean. The sea of storms.
Tim Sackton: despite
Tim Sackton: the sunny, clear weather like
Tim Sackton: this, is a you know. Everything is now hot and humid.
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: you know you
Tim Sackton: missed the whole journey from desert to jungle.
Tim Sackton: but the sea itself is, you know, there's you can see, even from this distance, 10 miles away, like waves breaking like
Tim Sackton: very stormy ocean.
Tim Sackton: Despite everything.
Tim Sackton: despite like no wind and clear weather, and
Tim Sackton: hot and humid
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: something feels like
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's it's strange, right like there shouldn't be a storm. There shouldn't be storms breaking off the coast, but there clearly are.
Tim Sackton: Of course, this is called the Sea of Storms, presumably for a reason.
Tim Sackton: So as they leave your
Tim Sackton: settled over the jungle
Tim Sackton: you can see the cave entrance. If you want to explore the cave
Tim Sackton: to the west of here you can a short distance, maybe
Tim Sackton: 3 miles. You can see a waterfall, and then a broad, slow river that flows into the ocean.
Tim Sackton: The jungle! The jungle along the river is more open.
Tim Sackton: You can't see anything in the canopy below you.
Tim Sackton: But the river might be a easier way to sort of explore the jungle if you wanted to poke around.
Tim Sackton: and of course, 10 miles to the south you can see the ocean itself.
Tim Sackton: So if you're willing to spend 5 min, just talk, you know.
Tim Sackton: making a quick decision about what you're most likely to do next at this point. That would be helpful to me for next session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Far away. We said, We're we're 8 h away from the location where the J. Formerly was.
Tim Sackton: No, no, you're right over the location where the jade was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're at it now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the cave
Tim Sackton: so you could go. Just explore the cave where the jade was.
Tim Sackton: You could explore the jungle or base. I mean, you could come up with something else. But, as far as I can tell, the 3 obvious things to do are
Tim Sackton: explore the cave, explore the jungle, or go, look and go, explore the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Tim Sackton: Crazy storm.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: the vision where I had, or rye
Mike Sackton: vision Kenzo had was
Mike Sackton: of a storm right.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jay was not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really strong.
Tim Sackton: It disappeared into a storm. Yes.
Mike Sackton: What does Mywa know about the Via Storms?
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It's difficult to sail. He's never tried to approach too close to drink, or because the closer you get to shore the worse it is. There's
Tim Sackton: unexpected shoals. There's
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: wind that seems to come from a unpredictable direction and shifts he's not. He's not come this close to shore. He's he's sailed like
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: from Nevos like through this, the like western edge of the sea of storms. To the south.
Mike Sackton: Isn't the jade obviously on the creepy circular, perfectly circular island
Mike Sackton: like it's gotta be right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that? Is that where we are.
Mike Sackton: Wow! It's in the sea of storms.
Mike Sackton: But like.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Mike Sackton: But that's where we're going to end up at some point. We have to end up there at some point right like. Yes.
Mike Sackton: so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't the perfectly circular place where a polyons and where's Dimitriar?
Mike Sackton: He's probably guarding the last piece of jade.
Mike Sackton: My gut feeling says the cave is a dead end, and we should head into the sea of storms and
Mike Sackton: try and find our way.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: it could also be a suicidally stupid idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like there's gonna be some evidence
Eric Rosenbaum: of something in the cave. So we should spend
Eric Rosenbaum: an hour looking there and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we gotta go check it out first, st because there might be something in there that gives us. Otherwise we're just going straight into the into the ocean, and we don't know what the fuck about anything, but we might find stuff, you know.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So here's the other question. And actually, okay, this, maybe will be smart people. For this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was going to say, before we go, we should show the book to the mirror because that'd be fun. But maybe we should save the mirror charge if there is one, because if we find something in the cave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should show it to the mirror to figure out what the fuck happened with Jane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sensible.
Tim Sackton: You don't have a mirror charge right now.
Mike Sackton: It might be a little while before we have.
Tim Sackton: There you go!
Mike Sackton: That's right.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Cause you used it to look at last session. You used the mirror to look at the fragment of dust from the seeker. Double
Tim Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: Only been like 4 days, or something like that, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's only been
Tim Sackton: 3.
Tim Sackton: It's been. I think it's been
Tim Sackton: 4 and a half days.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you have
Tim Sackton: a few days before you'll be able to use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but anyways I agree, though I think I think Kay, 1st look for clues. Help us like. Figure out a little bit more about what's what the next thing is going to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, st let's say.
UU Church of Boulder: I think that the cave is dead end, but I think we should go there anyways first.st
UU Church of Boulder: No doubt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree with that. I also think it's a dead end, but I think it should go. Anyways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go back back to the weird lake in the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we retcon that? We went to the lake? Then.
Tim Sackton: Owl.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Got to be some mysteries for you to explore later.
Tim Sackton: Actually, the tower was much more interesting than the lake.
Tim Sackton: The other one you missed was a waterfall, a giant waterfall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Which, with here was my, here was the the 3 I knew. So I didn't like develop the jungle because I knew you were gonna
Tim Sackton: go down one of the I mean, I did develop a little jungle. I knew you were going to go on one of these side crests, my 3 side quest hooks were the lake with movement, the
Tim Sackton: marble tower and
Tim Sackton: a great waterfall.
Tim Sackton: falling down into mists that you can't see
Tim Sackton: a rushing. You can hear even from this height, and perhaps a trick of your eyes, but you think you see massive wings in the mists as the waterfalls cascade down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We saw that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, projects.
Mike Sackton: All that.
Tim Sackton: You're in the tower. Fostering, saw that.
Tim Sackton: That was the 3rd of my 3.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that sounds like the best one. Let's go back for that. Okay. So next session Frederick tells us about the cool waterfall he saw, and we said, Screw this. Let's go back to that.
Mike Sackton: Wait now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody add this to the side quest. We have to go back to the. We definitely need.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that that.
Tim Sackton: Zika's juggle.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't it?
Mike Sackton: We haven't looked at Secrets journal in a while. I don't even have a link to right like I don't even know where it is anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Add that that beside quest list
Mike Sackton: So I think for next session we'll superficially explore the cave, but we're going to be trying to move quickly and getting into the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: great. So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that I'm right here to to now that I'm right here, I don't sense the date. Kenza doesn't sense the date at all.
Tim Sackton: Do not sense the jade. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Mike Sackton: I'm sending my 5 Airbnb places in a text a shared list. Look at them, and
Mike Sackton: I think probably the one
Mike Sackton: link I sent is the best. There's a few others.
Mike Sackton: Tell me which one you think we should book. I'll book it tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Tim Sackton: And everybody
Tim Sackton: see ya on the 20.th
Tim Sackton: See ya, thanks, bye.
Mike Sackton: Good night.